wow I don't ever remember this many injuries in the playoffs from star players
Watched a 2 ton SUV do a 540 degree barrel roll... Decided to stop for the night
do you think the blood rushes to the heads of the Eagles D ends while they are in that stance?
This is a very informative and motivational site,I will be following.
Still a few tickets left for tomorrow night's match. GREAT deal for tickets in a fantastic viewing area.
Are you a professional manson follower? Does that pay well? I need a job.
TX Hunger Fighters
my back is killing me so i guess thats a sign to take my black ass to bed huh?
all of our readings about curry <3 my fav was the Julia ;)
#FistBump thx bromie! RT : s/o to NICE JOB WITH YOUR REFS TODAY !!
LAZER TUNNEL!!!! fell in a transe last summer at mercy lounge in nashville
Milwaukee bound. Holla
Aw Beauty and the Beast is on
Sir Charles on SNL tonight....That's TERible1
Rick Pitino in a white suit is one of the highlights of all the college basketball season, including
oh snap...it's #cincodemayo Saturday and I'm legal.
She said I could doh. She cares but doesn't. We like best friends with feelings lol but I wouldnt care
say this every time im prepping for an audition or to work on set. Very true. Truth will set you free!!!!
OK, we can match the $159 cost + shipping. You'll have to call in. 1-800-589-4487
Hate when that happens ;)": Damn I just dropped the popcorn. Lol"
I'm sick of this feeling I'm done
TnT at the Luxor is open late tonight...come on down!
And amusement parks are for grownups too!
hahaha not gonna spoil it but she's like a major SLORE #EHHHH!
I'm keeping up w/ the gospel project, especially today
that show is ridiculous! The episode I saw the girl had a dress about 10 wide with moving butterflies lol!
~ Our pageant is June 13th-17th in Orlando. Love to have you join us!!
Dare to be different
SHHAIH!!!!!!! Sunny Hot Humid And I'm Hammered!!!!! In Fort Lauderdale Nice for the price of NICE
Take one for the team Will!
I'm choosing the Minneapolis showing, thank you. Very much looking forward to the event.
follow me
physical therapy it's str8 Still in tech school tho
Thanks for sharing this, Scott. So thanks to social media, I might be able to afford Oscar de la Rental some day!?
Our thoughts and well-wishes to the people of Japan and anyone affected by this terrible disaster. Stay strong
add my sis k....my sis has a facebook...lol...
Sunday is a great day to relax and reconnect with the spiritual in our lives. Take a break and count your blessings. Do something kind.
ATTENTION ATTENTION!!! ALL MY FOLLOWERS JUST LETTIN U GUYS KNOE I CHANGED MY PROFILE PICTURE!!
To create art about life, we need to first live it.
#ReplaceSongNameWithDeruler Deruler Own The Night (we own the night)
Just completed work as a principal character in a photo shoot for Bayer Pharmaceuticals.
They would advertise Taco Bell during Primo's and Epico's entrance.
Why am I using hashtags all of a sudden?
Hello Harry, How are you today ? Good I hope
the site is up, no pictures quite yet though! Soon!
RT highlighting a speaker-a-day until the conference on facebook.
Staying the night at Sam's \m/
Thank you for following. Great profile pic!
If I haven't changed it by tomorrow, remind me (no snark/irony intended; I may really forget to do it).
I'm at the Gathering of Nations Powwow
Memphis is cold, gray, rainy. Like you need a coat!
omg lol your hair! :'D
What a great crowd at Blu ! Be sure to pick up a candy bar and scan the QR code!
LOL - thanks! All startups need support and encouragement. Just doing my part.
Chicago, capital of Illinois? NATO goofs in video
Yeah this is weird
hey my Sleezy!
hm about to call out all our #fashion bloggers to an outfit challenge!
RT : RT if you like #insects ... like #butterflies, #ladybugs, #bees, ... :)
thnx for ur input re: adobe captivate!
Can't get no money if u sleep...
#Connected was tremendous.
I want to think that all of the conflicting symptoms on this schizophrenia ad are accidents... But they're appealing to my other self. # ...
Tell you what. Our 3 (Hafner ) and 4 (Csan) hitters strike exactly ZERO fear in opposing pitchers with weak ass AB's like those.
If we be your body guard, we would still prefer you call us grammar
Thanks to all OKC Party Bus riders for a great weekend! Post your photos aboard the bus on our Facebook wall at www.facebook.com/okcpartybus
Want to learn how to build healthy & sustainable communities? Check out our panel today @ 8:45am in the Congressional room
Engauge is a very cool, social media savvy Agency in NY
Splash Party ad Alleghe - Snowpark.it
Who's got time to think that up, much less type it out!?
First Davy Jones, now Breitbart. One who symbolizes timeless youth & one who was still somewhat youthful. The sickle swings with no care.
Kicking off final 14 days of fundraising on indiegogo today; we will tweet the plot to get you all hooked to solicit your dough!
Ho! RT YOU WON'T LIKE ME WHEN I'M ANGRY. I BACK UP MY RAGE W/SOURCES & DOCUMENTATION
Last night, in my dreams, I complimented myself a lot. It felt good.
Let the #leftovers begin!
Ha just saw your tweets about my coaching skillz
I heard that Prince actually had a really terrible New Years Eve in 1999. After all that anticipation and pow! Food poisoning.
im incredably tired. i dont want to dance today.lol
Sometimes call of duty gets me so mad!!!
Have fun! But don't expect those W&M tour guides to be better than the lovely Red Polos!
J. Myrick Howard, President of keynote speaker at "Preserve Minnesota conference" now up.
Giddy with the thought that when I get home today my Warby Parker glasses will be waiting for me.
Here's the deal! presents and in eugene at the wow hall ! Shits goin down, come out !! RT RT RT
Stuck in a greyhound station in missoula
#8DAYS FAMILY REUNION!:D
ard bet then thats the move
RT @ baltimorebusinessjournal.com. Americans drove less in '08's gas spike.
Im just a lesbian on the weekends. RT : omg stop it! i'm laughing so hard right now lol
Always $.... I'd call up Aquatic Design Group and see if they were tracking the project. They are usually in the know.
Let the measure of time be spiritual, not mechanical
An ounce of performance is worth pounds of promises.
Why is she still teaching?...
Andy's Jazz Jam Session: Tonite - 9pm @ 11 E Hubbard, Musicians Free, Vocalists Welcome. $10 Gen. Admission. HOpe to CU There.
wwe 12 like amazing! Just wonderin if the new madden 12 will live up to what they shown monday!
Humidity does wonders to my hair!
GO CHECK OUT #PAINKILLERS ON
Discipline oneself to make the necessary TIME to devote to investments. Use what you spend your time on to contrbute to your systems.
That question always pops up when I stay the night. Sissy, will you straighten my hair? Lol. But yes, please do !
Brb. Listening to all of Austins covers. This is a great day. <U+E328>
Watching the All-Star game. Go american league, the Red Sox will need home field, if they make it.
Oh good call!
I'da DMed you, but you aren't following, so not allowed.
Isn't there some oppressive copyright law we can invoke that would make it disappear?
Even, Steven.
You sound JUST like the people who bash and hate on TNA just because of their insecurities. Instead you SHOULD BE FOCUSING ON TNA
Back on the air this morning on ! & I couldn't decide who was going to do the show so we're BOTH on! Check it out!
aww thank you that legit just made my day.!!!
The bird lady had a nice voice. It's a shame she's a crazy bird lady.
It really is only bad at our complex. I don't have too many complaints. Just sucks when it cuts out on a recruiter lol
I don't even know what day of the week it is anymore! #summerprobz <U+2600><U+0001F44D>
We have similar color scheme.
aww... would u have rlly taken some freak lke me?
When you focus on God's approval of you, you won't have any desire to envy others...
the college slam dunk championship is ridiculous...
Dear - promising next day delivery and then delivering a week later is
can you manage to snap a pic?!
1) i envy you again 2) all of them had 3rd person...check the options...they cant take that away from me
The spirit of God is strong within Jeremy Lin. That is why he is very successful, hot, and in the zone in basketball and everywhere else.
Sent you a DM
#followfriday as heard on and - request their hit song "Daylight" TODAY!!! RT
night guys and happy ICONiversary <3
I hear that JC. Hipsters annoy me! And I liked Bon Iver's performance.
I'm thinking again of the dogs and the last of their sticks.
Don't you ever get too comfortable
Indeed, but aren't there wiser word choices? Some words encourage improvements, others encourage quitting.
At dinner with and who just went to the bathroom together and left me at the table alone. Seriously?
ok “: Apparently I have been told...if you love me you have to follow my best friend You have no choice.:)
Strauch is trying to get Bronson to admit her car was a deadly weapon. Bronson says no because she didn't intend it to be used that way.
- Or, if he's not an idiot, he was doing a great impression of one up there tonight.
The problem with being a Gemini (read: insane) is that I.want to have my cake, on sale,.frosted,.gourmet and delicious and still eat it too.
He did not just hang up on me.... -_-
I just want to get home.
Wish the Bulls could have gone to at least 7 to get the Celts extra rest.
Reading Life & Style's "Stars Without Makeup" issue. Some of them have makeup on. Hot pink is not a natural lip color. #Life&Style
(and...its application frames have minimize buttons)
me too!!
Thanks! I appreciate it!
A member of the Southwest Workers Union, he holds 1 end of a banner stating 'No border wall.'
Judge Judy!!!
FedEx delivered my iPhone 4 preorder yesterday! Been rockin' it for about 24 hours now and love it!
Doing office work before heading to the premiere of Last Breath this afternoon.
You ain't gettin no loose ball from Evans!
Helping at Aroma Thyme Bistros soup kitcken
This life I'm livin I don't ever want it to end
hahah ya I think I remember
Help Us Spread The Word. Were Tryin To Reach 1,000
gosh I think we were made for each other..marry me? I'm pretty fed up with the male species
I didn't picture the Lakers gettin' caught off guard like that
TV reporters enter courtroom - Sharman Sachetti from Fox, Janet Wu here. Hillary Chabot and Katy Jordan from Herald also in courtroom.
Still a #South8Native Wouldn't Change were I was Raised its part of who Iam
I was at a US Presidential Library. almost ol garmnts were mnfrd. somwhere else in this wrld, evn d neck tie bearng d US presidential seal
. If divided his wealth you wouldn't be a penny richer. If Bill Gates did, you'd gain $7.
Cool! dude's pretty prolific: Buffy, the movie-turned-tv-show; Firefly, the tv-show-turned movie.
he didn't read my dm! he just answered me 'can you ask Zara to check her DMs for me' -___-.
bernadetteboas, I love your input and tweets. I have retweeted many of them. Could you join me to help empower women by liking my...
I won't. But the station still sounds cool!
Sangria Luxe Lounge in Glendale Tonight 59th ave and utopia just south of the 101 freeway!!
The LibGuides template session talked about embedding Twitter.
Doing well, thank you! Just released my second album "After Hours"
#AtABlackChurch you will see people with hangovers.
Waiting in customer service lines are the worst.
Hip flask. Apply frequently.
I really doubt it! It would make no sense for the price to go down from $90 at the door :/
Let's catch up where we left off last year at #SoSlam tomorrow. Can't wait!
The time needs to change back soon... It's only 6:57 but it's so dark outside. I thought it was getting late...
Facebook gets soo old.
NYCIAA alum: ran into classmate at fav coffeeshop. His band playing 2nite w other iaa alum! Come with me!
#InMiddleSchool I felt like I went to a farm school with a bunch of rednecks
Beautiful! What'd you have?
But in the dark, nothing matters. Everything is absolute.
Ginger looks like she has heart attack when she eats peanut butter
I absolutely agree!
how much you selling your pieces for? Love what you do and am looking for something to cover an entire wall at my place.
Our Friday Local Author series continues tomorrow with June O'Donal...author of "The Fryeburg Chronicles". Noon to 1:00pm in Meeting Rm #5!
I wonder how many other knick fans just started laughing to themselves when Amare calmly walked away from WIDE OPEN chalmers 3 pointer?
Have you ever slept the clock around? I very nearly did within 30 minutes of.
Now when I look @ the moon, I think abt Newt. I dunno if it's the space program or the bloated face that's unjustifiably pleased w/ itself.
That was a terrible draw something drawing.
I think I've discovered the opening shot for the trailer! :-)
dog, u will get way more than that...
In a worth dying for mood.
some people never learn
Follow me
how about they don't cut the SB half-time show? How about they just get a clue and make it relevant? Katy Perry, Lady GaGa...
KOMO 4 TV news live at 5pm from the 5 Point. Story at 5:08 on extended hours
Should I state the obvious? I'm going to because it makes me happy. . .TGIF!!
If I didn't know anything about history, and just heard this music, I'd think the 30s and 40s were super-fun.
yes, its annoying, but I'm handling it..
Is The Best PG i Have Seen Yet!
yeah I did
the real question is, who will use them first? haha
They say it never rains in southern california?
You'd think by now girls would have figured out that a. Leggings are NOT pants and b. Not to wear granny panties with them!
Happy birthday to my sister that is 20 today!!!! :) love you Ashley
Art is the daughter of freedom.-Friedrich Schiller
Good to meet you too! Hope I'll see you at another event soon.
I'm having second thoughts about the cactus wrestling contest.
Thanks for the follow
yeah near in future I want to give percentage off the top on certain products directly to bobbi and the strays .
5 Questions From The NFL Draft « CBS Charlotte
Waiting for my bf to text me back...wish he was here wit me.. ~*S&T*~
Is it time for breakfast yet?
I see. Feedback is a good thing! :)
I'm trying really hard to get into this new Used album.
Just received my first take-home midterm. 8-12 pages? I'm terrified. :(
Happy Friday and get home safe in this snow.
AS USUAL! I Woke up in the middle of the BEST LIFE EVER! The PROCESS of pursuing my PURPOSE gives me absolute JOY!!!
Mah grades are going up WOO!!!!!!!!
do you actually have Wumpus?!? Let's hook the 99/4a up to the conf room projector.
So in other news Austin Mahone tweeted my other account and told me God blessed my soul. I was literally rolling on the ground laughing.
Are you trying to flatter me? Because its not gonna work >:( #justkidding #ImBlushingRightNow #YouMakeMeSmile <33
that sucks. Almost done? My semester ended last week and I dunno what to do with myself. Haha
2 big wins in goal tonight :) 9-2 in the first game, 4-2 win in shootout for the second. Still alive in playoffs
I had so much funn with and i loved the ustream it was so funny
The Book of Acts // RT : What do you guys think would go on a reading list for radicals?
get it nigga that's how you should eat
#Blackparentsquotes "you better not EVER bring home a baby unless Ur married and outta my house."
Star Trek In HD from Itunes!!! Thrill Me!
So are we winning the best army award tonight or what?!!
Imo is a better Center than but Pau is a better big man and player overall.
I know she feels like I blow her off too hangout with my friends but really I just wanted too hangout with them for once
Tracey Gets A Goal....actually tracey could probably score on Bryz
um... i don't think thats the best substitue ;)
$2000 2-bed UES, this is NOT a mistake!!
gotta get my stretch on for 2morrow..its bout to go down..WUTANG'S IN TOWN..suuuuuuuuuuu
I recommended that watch the 1st season of #GameOfThrones on her flight today to SF, completely forgetting the nudity on the show.
Sad :( Well, let me know when you do and if you win!
I bet it was a relief wen they lol RT : LIES!! RT : did a fret say her team aguh lose
i would if i wasn't living on student loans!!
Boredd Talk to me!
JUST got here. Better late than never!
LETS GO YANKEES..
Had an amazing time at the #VNVNation #Concert wish had been there =(
I skimmed that previously, but now that you mention it, the title is a little weird in comparison to the article itself.
Baby Gabriel case: Messages flew between principals
At school with <U+0001F604>
What are you doing?
Junior Seau committed suicide? If that's true its very unfortunate & it goes to show that u never know what may be going on w/ someone.
Ran I to my first-ever manager in the Hilton lobby. This is why I love conference!
Just presented a master bedroom redesign for a NW DC client with great applause. Love these kind of Mondays. =)
Love you girl!!!! Def missed you RT : So good to see today!
Wish i was still in bed asleep.
Why isn't there chocolate flavored yogurt?
My 49ERS GOT IT IN TODAY!!!
It appears that folks these days don't know that you WALK on the Left & DRIVE on the Right.Guess it makes sense since ppl dont walk any more
Happy B.day! :D
Happy Friday, everyone!
New thing, At the end of the Pre-Season/ Regular season Ill Say all Records. And Playoff Winners and Losers. And Pro bowl + Superbowl!
There are 4 avatar award items as you progress through the phrases. I spent three straight hours talking to it. :-)
I'll tell you what, this is an important policy issue, but it doesn't sell papers
Sarkozy's positions were as much a result of France's small bargaining power as his choices. Hollande will soon have to adopt most of them.
Why does everything in mom's kitchen always taste better?
Awesome! RT : Mission accepted. Did u know that #CovertTU is a special mission? It's the day b4 my birthday!
Fantastic meeting, tour, & tasting at today. Love the focus & discipline. Enjoyed tasting the 2005 and 2008.
As would I, but at this point there's not much doubt which of them will be riding. Though maybe Tuft for TT? We'll see.
Well I am beyond annoyed. That is always fun.
txt me
Fresh blueberries & macadamia nuts. An exquisite snack pairing.
what a brilliant thing to say...
Is he still there? :O tell him i said hey(:
hey now! That's ny home town boy! Lol
Bought my nxgga some Doughpe so much it came with a boat. <U+0001F35A><U+26F5>
Peggy Noonan: proof that a person who is not very bright can write beautifully.
Test post
Share with me...what were you born to do and are you doing it?
Done with practice. Now going to the recital thingy.
Oh my god Seabsyyyyyy!!!!
Listen people when you add my name to lists make sure there's a big dog in there or it will not get retweeted your looking at a millionaire
Mom was holding me and somehow my paw went through her large hoop earring! I don't know how it happened. Ear and paw were not harmed!
thanks for the mention!
In the gym throwing weights like am mad......
Bwahahahahaha! RT : And by the way, what is Nicole wearing? I think she still thinks it's Halloween.
Last Night was insane! brought it!
This faith project <<<<<
#RIP Whitney Houston
I got work period for this project slim #notbraggin. I know u gon get dat joint dat #boofini work!
It is and it easily gets stuck in one's head. Wasn't there an industry with that goal?
A panhandler's tooth fell out of his mouth and onto my lap during my commute. How's YOUR morning?
RT : So true. "The 'pregnancy police' R everywhere (even in your head)." So much judgment; doesn't end w/ delivery, either...
Good morning beautiful ppl :):):)
"Failure is the opportunity to begin again more intelligently." - Henry Ford
New movie coming out 'Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter' #wtf missed that in history class
Very jealous!
are you out tonight?
Oldest daughter just discovered that Blue is a girl. It is blowing her mind.
No. I haven't seen that one. Chris has to work this weekend so I would love to borrow it if you have it.
then *poof* you're on Facebook, right? #whatthe?
digging eye rocks myself this a.m.
Steve Blake is trash too! All estrogen. Lol
"The Art of Receiving the Football and Picking Up the Blitz" by Larry Johnson.
I need more UK Grime in my life. Who are you listening to?
The realities of nature surpass our most ambitious dreams. -Francois Rodin
Odd that the #Chevy baseball commercial uses music from The Natural where Hobbs k's The Hammer and show a kid as Ruth hit a hr.
whatcha got on phone #.... Hey Nerlens she likes cupcakes and marmalade jam
Anthony Davis will be on Jimmy Kimmel on Thursday
Some People Get On My Nerves .
Is he a magician, then? I DUNNO WHO HE IS
Ted Nelson just passed by our picnic looking for his bag. If only it was hyperlinked
hahaha that's awesome
2011-2012 concert series brochure looks great! They should arrive next week! press check at
make me proud :-) #SingleLadies P*ssy run everything F*ck that noise
Ah gym kicked my ass!
yeah i need them too i wanna see these heat go home early cause i have no faith in the pacers right now
“: <U+2764>When the world says, "Give up," Hope whispers, "Try it one more time."<U+2764>”
Jason McCann doesn't need bombs to kill people. His hotness is enough.
Hm I'm bored. I'm in the dorm sober by myself -_-
umm hes the shit who u like lil wayne? if so i feel bad for u
Thanks for nominating !!!!! :)
triangles are my favorite shape
LOL!! Yes last night was SO much fun!! Thank u so much!! And that conversation stays in the vault! Hahaha
RBI double from G. Cipolloni and 2-RBI single from Skinkis highlight the inning for Virginia.
sweet!! might be interested as well.
Our March 17th St. Pattys show at Madison Theater has been canceled due to double-booking mix up...bloodied but unbowed.
D.R.A.M.A. = Dumb Retards Asking for More Attention
If bike riding was a pre-requisite for diabetics... Drug companies would be a lot less richer,
Lmao they get so annoying at times!!
great writeup in congratulations man
hahah yes! Only smart people dream about you.
Man, I am just straight up kickin' the crap of my To-Do list today.
Hooah! RT : Through Army medical innovations, more of our Wounded Warriors have returned to duty than at any time in our history.
Time to say bye! Need to watch Pure Love.. :).
Happy Easter! <U+0001F430>
Kobe gonna go ham tonight watch 30 points or more
At it.
So glad I didn't grade this essay first. Problems, yes, but it's one of those redefining essays. It's awesome to be a teacher.
Hey ;D
I can't wait to spend the night with the love of my life tonight. :)
We're open today in Country Club Estates (Westlake, off Bradley N of Hilliard) & Ventanas (Avon Lake, off Lear N of Walker), 1-5pm. Stop by!
Sweet! Jealous of your travels!
LOL great analogy!
I know, right?
Marine Discharged For Criticizing Obama on Facebook
To those that went "Hope you all had a good time @ chicano park"san diego ca
i love yoou too;D<3
ADD ME ON CP!!!!!!!!!! MY NAME IS DSkater98
blake sorry af
im muscular.... there jus small becuz im skinny -__-
I wish I hadn't done that. It was unnecessary. He's like my brother.....
Awesome show last night ! Y'all need to come to Murfreesboro and play for the #MTSU crowd
Having to wait until 8pm is the only bad part about being in vegas...
Cooking Class @ cookingfools.net " Pastry Chef Secrets: Chocolate Desserts" Sun 1/16 11 am - 2 pm #Chicago,#recipes,
lol i was about to say the same!
Katie totally should have let you know about the little gathering on Friday. I didn't have contact info for all. :-(
Nick Frost's character in Spaced is hilarious.
OAA's today... That puts me in a good mood. Not.
I love that #eureka doesn't marginalize minorities or women in the show
#followmedylan Please follow me!
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to continuing dialogue on technology issues that matter to our students.
Other than the internet, I cannot think of everyday life tech changes that happened after my birth.
Be Humble !
shades of Zeno: by the time you've caught up, things have moved on :-)
It depends how fast you drink ; ).
We lift ourselves by our thoughts. We climb upon our vision of Imagination is more important ourselves. than knowledge.
Yep - I grabbed a glass mixing bowl (pondering including a metal OXO bowl), two small white bowls, and two scoops.
While the kids are out trick-or-treating... Treat yourself to a nice hot mineral soak. Happy Halloween.
Have I failed as a wife when asks where the broom is kept in the house??? ;)
fans of my music or gameplay mothersday is coming up and i want to make it a special one for my mom any donations go to her for mothersday!!
I hope
And then after all that , huge action at my condos on lake city. Drunk dudes fighting in the parking lot, very exciting!
Right back at you Roxie!
Finally broke out the Christmas CDs last night, because of my "No Christmas music until after Thanksgiving" rule. #she&him
nice egg picture. its hot
Twitter, you let me down on the Inglourious Basterds thing. No one had any ideas of where my DVD could be.
It's good thing I am not court side right now! :)
Can't wait to get out of work.
yeah not really
“: I'm over you. Maybe you should get over you too.”<U+E230>if that happens then no one will be with me lmao
I agree - but they are installing dimmers ASAP so will be the same dark, cozy pilar!
Thanks, and ditto. Wrapping up a number of projects . . . feels great! :-)
I love her so much!!!
HEY YOU OVER THERE, WITH A NICE SHINE IN YOUR HAIR, I'D REALLY LIKE TO TALK TO ~YOU~
Thanks! :))))) very happy with it, working out the minor kinks at the moment
Cool, va pa ya.
I know! I know lots of other routes and cut throughs, just not that one.
Courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is the little voice at the end of the day that says I'll try again tomorrow. ~Mary Radmacher
See you tonight - Mardi Gras Parade at West 18th Street - meet us at YJ's Snack Bar at 7pm and we'll eventually make our way to 18th/Vine.
We need to come to understand that we are a Judaism, the Judaism that honors Yeshua.
That sad moment when your crush at school graduates DX
Wow, sounds like you've both had a lot of experience on both sides! What kinds of things did you two cover?
I can't even wrap my head around the idea of winning $336M. Where to begin?
I spy with my lil eye... 'sale' signs at ! Time to investigate :-)
um, this conference has free coffee. love.
RT : 3 year-old to a rooster puppet in Noah’s Ark – “Hi, My name is Aidan, I will help you find a home. I'm an animal rescuer.”
I can forget my very existence in a deep kiss of you.
All Systems Go.
and the other ''bff'' didnt even talk to me i fell like no one cares if i didnt show up to school i bet i would get one txt frrm thm
That should be WORDS. My typing fingers aren't working too well today.
Back atcha. Here's mud in yer eye.
#mettaworldpeace has been watching a little too much playoff hockey
God Has Put An Expiration Date On Your Situation!!!
my pleasure - great post
keep your prejudice, we need solutions
Enjoy y'all day and be blessed tweeps
text me back!
Link! Where and when?!
": So...do all those Dynamo players get yellows for hopping the wall and celebrating?" *Wondering same thing. Let em celebrate
A #saxophone is like a lawsuit. Everyone is happy when the case is closed.
Thanks for all the tweets and love lately, kids!
Doing nothin s wat I want to do every day
Sad sad sad. And as they say, say, as California goes, so goes the nation. Look out~
wow, hunter got you really good today... that was hilarious
nothing much
maybe. Few weeks till I would know.
RT : Headed to Utopia gig w/ special guest Kris Funn!
Billy-Bob Belton
i just want you to know you will always have my support, forever and always <33 follow me plz
We will be playing 3 pre season games tomorrow against UNC in Johnstown at Nelson Farm Fields. Games start at 11am
Have you heard of ? It's the best way to engage your customers & let them pay w/ their phones! You should join!
I can't make any promises!
Bout to get up on my Sleep Shit!
Anyone else want to be in my video for Austin? :)
TODAY: Turning sunny. HIGH: 71. FRIDAY: Sunny and warm. HIGH: 73. SATURDAY: T'storms, esp. in the PM. HIGH: 70. SUNDAY: Shower. HIGH: 61
Orrin Hatch just said Sebelius "doesn't know what she's talking about" (petulantly).Must be the new civility I've been hearing about.
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw you avoid using the children in a battle that is won at too high a price.
Kristen, Puppy Power activate! Form in the shape of lasers with cancer-fending abilities!
miss you, Mac and Asher!...cali, not so much.
#nw watchin think like a man!
Back to looking for work (Nonprofit, nursery school, or higher education) If anyone has any leads in the nyc area please lmk!
Editors over 40 at my company are unceasingly paralyzed with fear of SEO, keyword tagging & social media use.
Really HLN, custody battle over a dog is "Prime News?"
@ @ @ @ thank you my friend. hope you're feeling better!
I'm officially a fan of One Direction.
Very cool doodle today
Sure. Get ready, I will destroy you.
RT RT : Ron Paul would probably like to open a chain of segregated opium dens.
I read a review I wrote for the Pioneer tour in Dec. and it made me tear up for some reason and I realized I didn't write one this time :(
follow back
Just wanna lay down and be anti social
Philly Thinker says "bring on the Okie Joe's."
SUPPORT MY DUDE RAYDO WIT THAT NEW MIX TAPE OUT TOMORROW!
Congratulations to Hal Bedsole of Reseda HS (CA) on making College Football Hall of Fame
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination.
Its about to go down!! Tune into k104 or k104fm.com rock that vote 4 ya boy @ kikij104 or call up 787 1104
Probably because they were out there from the days when they wee USL clubs.
Enjoyed the club. Time to eat!!!! ;-)
So happy!!!! Nothing can ruin my day. :) Except if you fart on my face. That's really it. But don't you dare try!
You're a douche bag.
Fear factor is freaking disgusting...
Un- and Under-Employment Awaits Many College Grads
of course!! You always entertain me, P_Fred!
Im astounded how people can want a conservative and go for three fake conservatives. Only one answer:
happy bday! How does a SKC win sound today?
what did ya do
Watching Miss Universe Pageant 2011!!!!!!
Emerging from Lyme Disease-induced social media blackout...slowly.
A10: Know your worth, be confident, show your strengths. Flock together with fellow birds.
2K11 was my first basketball game for this generation, I loved the 2K series for PS2. so far I'm liking it.
If you need help in a spanish speaking area simply use this handy spanish phrase for help me: areyouda maid.
u have skewl already?
February Issue of ZINK Magazine featuring my photography comes out on Feb. 24th!! Don't forget to get your copy :)
You ready, sir???
Colo US attorney responds to boulder da in med marijuana issue. Says decision to shutter #mmj dispensaries is his choice, not d.c.
Dubstep in The Used's new album #Vulnerable? I dig it.
Hello new friend!
wat up tweeters
Those who are faithful know only the trival side of love.
Days like this just make me happy
Laundry all weekend for me. How about your plans for the wknds?
My Daddy is my first love <3
In a new state ur willing to make a new story -
Going to the land sunshine and fake blondes for a few days. See you L8ER fogtown.
Working on 3 great projects: Denver video shoot, Australia bodhifest marketing, meeting with Singapore company today. Business is rocking!
<U+2764> That awkward when you read "moment" yet it was even there <U+0001F604> (;
Happy Mothers Day To ALL My Mothers Out Here. Especially The Single Mothers. Much Love. Enjoy YOUR Day Of Honor - JayPrince
#2012NFLDraft day!!! It's like Christmas in April. Let's go
worst headache ever.
ill buy drinks and dinner. I'm a huge fan.
Off to make some moneyy
Call me cynical, but I'll start believing the Orioles are for real if they're doing this well in September.
Hey ! I need the new LP "Wildlife Pop" for preview! ! I can barely contain myself.
Jerry!!,jerry !!
To the jerk parked in front of my apartment bldg blaring calypso music out of your car... Either turn that crap off, or bring me a Margarita
So ready for the weekend.! :D
good I can't complain
RT : Pac 12 refs would have overturned that catch by Mario last night, it moved slightly.
thanks. only listing i've been stumped on so far. also if you need the real estate assessments of printers, let me know.
maybe can you send me a resume
u excited, early Happy Birthday
What are you putting off taking action on? Is it your finances, your relationships, your health and fitness? I'd like to know.
we had to temporarily go off the air. We are hoping to return to the airwaves soon. I will keep you posted!
again praying for speedy recovery
Wow, stomach flu hit like a ton of bricks! Biggest goal for today is to eat a meal. It's a stretch.
Yes! It's my baby, started in my living room. How are you?
To ignore/ hinder noticeable progress, and complain that others have, or are not doing enough while you do nothing, is unreasonable.
My check fuel cap warning is on. I hope I don't get trapped under a gas truck and explode. I'll take the risk. Thanks Lloyd Christmas
always on the clock
#poker quote of the night: Once you start thinking you have nothing left to learn, you have everything to learn. -- Steve Badget
Glad to see Kelly Clarkson shed her Jan Brady look from Super Bowl last week for tonight's #Grammys. another forgettable moment from
pride goeth before the fall
gl the rest of the evening, turn heeps to heeps^2
- sippin Sangio, thought of my fellow Twitter wine aficianado.
need power to see steelers game
GlobalCrucible page has surpassed 5k new GlobalCitizens, welcome to the family! in
An everyday ritual for me! Lol! “: I let my hunger level reach a 10 and there's no food in the house. #fail”
thanks! Can't wait to try it!
Nice try though(;
im literally going through and adding everyone on facebook that i come by, im a creeper
when you discover you're digging yourself a hole you can't get out of... quit digging.
Merry Christmas to you too Tyler! Shine responsibly!
Rob Roy closed for private event 4-7pm today. Open to everyone 7pm - 2am!
ikr? she loves exercising and has this allergy... i hate exercising & would gladly take it for her if i could!
Hi! Can you follow me? Its okay if you can't! Anyway keep doing what you are doing! Have fun with the guys! You Rock! Thanks!
we're testing out times because of availability of top pros. later time creates more opps. we'll have taped show up faster too
what happened to your car? Oh and I love knowing about my snow button.
Well, if it wasn't love, it was a lot like it.
we gettin it done tonight?
Lost a lot in
Pinnacle Bank sees 1st quarter earnings improve over weak 2011
Amendment One would be bad for business in North Carolina. I just voted against
Thank you very much, I apologize for the change, but sometimes you have to do what you have to do. (Cont)
you're so wrong for that! I'm wasting away here and you laugh at me?! Lol
Happy St. Patrick's Day! Come see us in Hollywood tonight at Piano Bar for FREE!!! 10pm.
Home again in one week! And this time will be with me. Watch out, Albuquerque, watch out!
47,000 people have died since 9/11 fighting terrorism to protect the US and the world from tyranny... Thank you and your family!
Bus and truck collide in Brazil, killing 25
I wouldn't even fight that bitch just slap her with my 22 inch weave
you're welcome! Thanks :) <U+263B>
I think I just saw a retired female body builder in OB. Yum.
BSF class starts tonight--studying Gospel of John.
sometimes you need real world division when you have students that don't have skin in the game #pubarch could impact long term relationships
Well my day is going to be amazing cartier i started it with glee
Tmw is National Super Saturday-IN Style! I'm ready to knock it out w fellow #BeachBody coaches and kick booty w a workout!
Last year I speed walked (2:53), this year is walked 50%, jogged 50% (2:39), so pretty easy to gain 14 minutes :)
worf is a little bitch.
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys! FYI we are in Kenosha Wisconsin on the 14th at Dukes Country Saloon!
The Militant hears the sound of gunshots on this train. Relax though, it's someone playing a game on their Android.
RT : RT : TOP PLACE of the week to visit is BLUE LAGOON! The steamy waters are part of a lava formation. The...
Totally. See, great minds think alike!
Do you have your tickets yet for Halloween Havoc in Dayton, Ohio? Visit www.rocktagonmma.com to purchase tickets.
I see the sun is back...does that also mean you are too?
Woo Friday is here!!!!
This bitch has me addicted ! stumble upon is our shit (:
sorry instagram, you have officially been replaced. its been fun, but we have actually found something better. ALL HAIL VIDDY.
is my Besty on twitter although she wouldn't let me copy her Spanish :(
Pretty excited to hear speak tonight at Chicago Theological Seminary.
My address on Etsy is www.auntcarriescottage.etsy.com
>> Love "No Goat Left Behind" project - brilliant! If you want to raise $ to grow more, this is perfect for
dude u go to the mud hens game just to look at the players in tight pants O_o
that one person you just always feel like talking to, but knowing it just wouldn't be the same.
Any hour. Now? RT : Quench your thirst with a $.99 any size, any flavor Ice Tea from
is dazzling my teachers with ZPower! Promethean rocks!
I actually thought about it for a minute. I was like, "Is that as inappropriate as I *think* it is? Yes. Yes it is."
Scotland Yard Pub will be closed this afternoon for a private party but WILL open at 8pm for football.
i believe this. i see this with women in my family. so sad. they sell out for money like "real housewives" shows gals
I love this fucking feeling!
Thanks man! Ill prob be in tomorrow to pick it up.
If I'm driving back to Houston we gone get there way faster.
Bring in the new year with us! Free champaign toast at midnight! Best party in town!
Every woman should feel like a QUEEN when she's inna relationship.. Not a SERVANT!!!!
Great steals this weekend, Fresh WIld Atlantic White Shrimp $15.99lb, Sunrise Papaya 2 for $3, and Bucket o'Wings, 3lb $9.99
is front row at Alicia Keys tonight! Whoot!
Just got a yummy peanut butter cupcake from ! So good! :)
Really liked Weilands control & mechanics Thought Ross would end up in 'Pen & think Erlin is too small (5'9" maybe) to be starter
I love online video for marketing and I'm okay with auto play but if you don't let me stop it when I want, I'm gone.
investigates field sobriety tests -- how accurate are they? See a preview of our I-Team 10 investigation on News10NBC at 6:30.
be safe and have fun at prom! Text me pics
Promo Codes for Slice HD will appear here this weekend. Of the 7 of you that follow us, one of you is bound to have an iPad :)
I believe it,and I love the state of WV! Travel it often just to see the roads and the lifestyle,the scenery&people r real.
Happy Fat Tuesday, the day people drink like theres no bottom and dress like theres no top! thanks !!
haha it's okay I'll just have to get the full details when we get to school to make up for it.
Hope the audio books I requested come in before my driving trip next week. Holiday wkend may hinder their travel to my local library branch.
the best RT : so in the first class the Pilates instructor mentioned tequila shots and vajayjays.
Cant sleep either :(
good to see you Tuesday. Thanks for stopping in. You always light up our shop with your energy.
That would be awesome!
No response, thanks.
Ray King!
Say hello to sabram!
do u think u could say "Happy Mothers Day Mindy" for me? thats my moms name and it would be the ultimate present for her <3 u
One more twinkie and your overweight!
everyone y'all should follow !! She's really nice and a huge Directioner! I'll follow you if you do!!
never had that problem with any of my devices. Look at SquareTrade for breakage insurance. new Applecare handles iPad accidents
": Just bcuz some 1 is worldly successful doesn't mean God is pleased with their actions.. Choose your hero's #wisely"
I will. When i get home! Like 30 more minutes! (:
I love playing with these guys!!!!
Impressed with & am sure that he made a lot of girls' mornings... #player haha jk! he's a sweetheart & should never lose tht!
my cat gave birth to kittens under our house. Guess who had to crawl under there and get them? Me! I felt like I should be discovery channel
Well it is!!!! Let us know when, is there a limit?
The ESBC and Virginia Elite Hoops will be attending the Group A Boys Hoop games on Saturday at Robinson High School.
will keep you posted. I got great feedback doing my first flipped lesson w/ my honors class 2 weeks ago.
Big demographic shift on Web btwn 2002 & 2012. Greatly democratized.
follow us! We are the only Carrie & Lauren twitter.
Hopefully worthy can be the guy to fill Cullen Jenkins' shoes
oh wow! That was fast lol! Did you follow back dude?
damn I need to catch up
New show dates from coming soon! stay tuned
Dont feel like going to work :/
It's sad when your hotel room seems/is bigger than your apartment....
I wouldn't say slow -- more like persistence and tenacity! Is this going to be a global release?
today was a good day
Thanks. I had no idea there was such a thing.
Most emotional #survivor scene ever.
Jeeeezus if Rachel didnt call dibs i take niall! dat voice oh lord.
not as good as your Veuve de Vino cocktail recipe!
how about any "recovery specialists"? Sanctioned or otherwise...
We like the way you think! We'll see you soon! :)
I can't take seriously when she's jamming in the library.
bitch fuck you i want instagram hater
: So, bringing the customer out front of the vendor is key. Great tip for #PR professionals everywhere.
so what do you think about the trade bogut and sjax to golden state for monta ellis and two other players.
Humbled to be singing "Back Home Again in Indiana" in honor of Jim Nabors at the Breakfast at the Brickyard.
I have some good random ones (different baseball stadiums) but unless you display them, pretty useless.
. iiTs So Late
omfg no you don't
I've been trading penny stocks for 20 years now and I've never been excited about a stock like I am about "LUSI.OB"!
Why is everyone against me tonight.
i guess he went to sleep -_-
when r u gonna make a new keek
BBT and Dr Who have a definite tie for 1st place. I need the Bazinga shirt too
Just watched your inc5000 keynote. Last question response was HILARIOUS! Roll deep baby!
The last cure is charring.
for who?(:
D^1 = Electrical Resistance
LL Cool J? Really?
what u know about Croatia..Do u ever coming in Croatia and Bosnia ???..pleasee come here in Bosnia or Croatia :)) #muchlove :)
Good afternoon everyone.
i was just drawing for so long. now i'm so tired
Your welcome
Working on this pretty cool project. I'm excited! But, I'm going to take a break and eat lunch!
you better see me! And myrtle :)
What is everyone's expected outcome of the LOTR decision?
my roommate is on OKC and has been LOVING the attention lately. she gets awfully annoying with the "Oh, just another msg..."
Fuck not getting money
There are only as many miracles as you choose to celebrate. That must explain my constant smile. I celebrate everything
On the best days I always have the worst luck!
Every success is built on the ability to do better than good enough.
Having dinner ready thanks to when I get home, makes the long school day worth it.
One of my bosses, a grown professional man, is yelling "I'M ON THE EDGE... OF GLORY!" at random intervals from his office. Love.
The Bside on the vinyl single was Mr. Brownstone. I was shocked + amazed that they could say FUCKER in the song
is she going to again?!
And you know that it's the best of both worlds
none of the avengers were black. Lol.
at #apaie partnership discussions focus on trust between institutions. How much compromise is needed to create win-win partnerships?
Lol, I can only dream of being an insider. But that's what my vision would be. I'm in my IT mode right now
DS: While Peyton Manning and Jim Irsay are crying, Andrew Luck is somewhere singing 50 Cent's "Piggy Bank" w/ a "FUCK YOU, PAY ME" shirt on.
Heading to the OM for an job fair. Come visit in the teen lounge!
thank you Nick for the encouragement.
yea ill be down the werk after next
thanks for an amazing laugh. Great show.
Here is how bad, 1st baseman Gamel Toe out for the year, MVP soar achillies, and shut twice by the Pads! The Freaking Padres!
#meet&Greet at Wando's May 1, Looking to fill nominee slate - membership can vote. tweet us if you are interested.
Good day at work, now to go home to my awesome family and then play some basketball! :)
you're an idiot.
Oh you know, working on #libraryschool hw... with 23 tabs currently open...
We're aware that the site is down. We're working to get it back up soon! Thanks for your patience!
Appreciate it bro!
The creative soul wants to share....let it express and others will be glad.
can we reserve tables and bring in a cake for a birthday party we are having there on the 30th?
The catch is fascinating. Google found a way to gain top down leverage on a distributive trend that they know is the future.
What's Happening?
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #travel because they inspire me to explore!
Bloagception: when you dream about getting a bloagie while eating a hoagie while getting a blowjob. LMAO
o for reals?D: sucks wat grade r u iin?
if you're calm, patient, and resigned it might be worth a try
Loosing lip rings<<<
In remembrance of my mother, I cleaned all day.
you and manage to always have the best luck lol
i'm so fucking tired, goodnight <U+0001F4A4>
New rule: When forced into Sam's Club by mother, acknowledge no one and pretend you are there by mistake.
Haha, what's going on at "Central High School" today? It's all on my TL!
Morning tweets
Had a very useful meeting re: partnership. Do not despair by noting our sloth. Will phone this week?
follow back? ;)
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!<U+2728>
What desk did you get? I need a new one.
Q should be offended. kanye talks, not sings, talks on top of music that other people composed.
Thanks for the positive feedback! I wanted an alternative to the usual cancer blogs which are all about how awful the treatment is. :-)
Of cours, they should. It's a question of character.
WHAT ARE YOU STARING AT
Favorite band The Hypstrz will be on at 11 AM & I have a sales meeting. <shakes fist at sky> Hope it's archived. Need CC Rider.
Is it just me or are all those sexist jokes about girls being in the kitchen/making sandwiches old? Anybody? Or is it just me?
Motion carried.
for sure bruh! i think ima be chillin at bikestyles on Sat b4 the show so ill post when ima be there, so come up wit ur friends
I'm a nobody, nobody is perfect, therefore I'm perfect.
Fun! Also great: "Holiday" w Kate and Cary.
Defiantly need to face one when I leave
thank god for margaritas is all I can say....
It's the 1 year anniversary of the day my lovely agent sold an oddball novel about true love and robots to my adorable editor. *Fireworks!*
Happy mothers day!:)<U+E022><U+E328><U+E327><U+E022>
no problem you okay wit me
Can't wait for this friday!
ok...3 things. 1. Sign up 4 camp 2. Come 2 Emerge Sunday @ 6pm 3. Sign up 4 camp on Sunday at Emerge at 6pm. That is all. Thank you!
lmfao. I'm knowing.
Thanks for the follow! We finally lured you in so now we can change our name to The Smith of Higher Ed.
thanks greg!
Have a good day!
gotta teach these 7 n 8 yr olds the nations past time, oh n can't fuckin wait for softball this summer w my niggas
& Winners know when to Pivot if shit get ugly. I saw The Source when just a list in the wreckastow in Boston. Couldn't Pivot
Do you think you would like me better if my name were Biscuit yes/no
HARRY!!!! Don't be mean ;)........ Lol but Savan and donkey look similar!!!!
Mixers..."green"...something lol
come put it down low
When the empty parking lot across the street starts looking 3-dimensional...maybe I should call it a night.
Gene told me about it! I will definitely spread the word!
Good night
The human mind treats a new idea the same way the body treats a strange protein; it rejects it. Medawar, P. B.
Maybe not today, but perhaps someday... :)
hi I think is adorable <3
didn't you just fill last night?!
thank you for the kind words! I'll be sure to let my father know!
sleeping like a baby tonight.
(They considered having an IP panel, but decided it was "too weedy" even for the Rayburn House.)
RT : Tweets! We dance 5th tomorrow. Vote Vote Vote
well illegal immigrants get fake ssn#'s and id's can't I get the monkeys one too!?!?!
hahaha. Seriously. "Just $499!! . . . for the base model. The one YOU want is twice that!! Get it NOW!!" FML
Will somebody, somewhere tweet updates of Coldwater Cyn closures? Thanks!
The person born with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it. Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
you only like to play Words With Friends if you win! :p
oh man it turned out amazing. Glad I put a little sriracha in the sauce :)
and Dont be too Salty, but I may be a player (:
congrats! sent from the original iPad.
Product simulations allow learners to get in on the action from anywhere, any time.
Just received our books from Biz ! It turned out fabulous, we couldn't more pleased! Or impressed (go Josh!)
Lindsay: There is no accurate reporting on how often Ambien causes adverse effects, but it was prescribed 23 million times in 2008.
You are a STAR! Your voice is incredible and I'm in line to buy your CD! Stay strong and God bless you, Josh!
thanx for the tip, I'll try that.
Waitin on this class to start, i did not feel like comin to school today.
great labor day weekend. saturday, I won 4 gold medals at USgrappling submission only tournament. My 27 sec. sub. was the fastest of the day
Stay Hydrated so your cells can function at their maximum. Drink filtered water, avoid plastic bottle-they're toxic
have the browns ever given hilllis 33 carries in a game just wonder not tring to stir the pot
lowering my cholesterol
OK, Sherlocks out there, answer the following: 1.What is Dudley's daddy's first name? 2. How many older brothers does Dudley have?
wow I didn't know he WAIS from Belgium !
When am I gonna learn to never say "I think I'm gonna make it an early night."
MY BACK HURTS SO BAD!!...im finna cry, its been almost 3 days
Have you seen the See No More music video yet?
Netflix what happen to my Instant queue? Anyone else having that problem?
Get outta my head and fall into my arms instead...<3
Watching Adventure Time With My Brother. <U+2764><U+0001F60A>
not too hot. Thanks for asking smartypants!! Lol!! :P
Escandarian: "Give me a number. I want history, I'll talk to Gene Autry."
u already know! #loveyamore ;)
Blake back in!
Anna Sun by Walk The Moon haha whoops. And ikrrr
you're welcome and okay thanks =)
When you're too grown you gotta give up the little boy mentality.
The fun starts in just ONE hour! Come on down and get signed up for your FREE trial classes at 4:00, 5:00, 6:00, or 7:00!
Somebody please come to my rescue (& don't forget to pick up a bottle of red wine beforehand)
The uofl vs Davidson game is being terribly officiated already!
Did you know Hieber’s Compounding Pharmacy offers FREE local delivery, and also next day shipping? Right to your door! 412-681-6400
I have a lead on a few PM and on-line marketing director jobs on LA's Westside. Retweet and DM me for info.
CJ is starting tomorrow for the Angels not Jerome Williams, right?
Wow, Michele, thanks for a nice endorsement! As I like to say, "Bird to your mother!"
as long as I can rot with you
18 more days :)
Yo! Wondering if you could put your photos from the social up on Flickr, blog, somewhere so I can post on museum's FB tonite?
hollyy pop how do you doo that!
“: and No Hay Banda, this Thur at Mad Frog in Cincy. preview! and more sept 30-oct2”
Nice camel toe by Katie Perry
This game is a wrap.
I LOVE ALL TIME LOW
Let's make some money Zack & Miri style.
you have some nice pieces!
Round 2 good one
Thanks for spreading the word!
yeah, they are
Happy Friday! Join Chi Cha and DJ Ivan for a great night on U St tonight
RT : Hey all, thanks for following! Have you been to the site to register? It's free!
Stars/ have come down/ tonight/ what beauty/ we believe they are/ shimmers with its concept
Is in the follow you song at the end when Dylan is singing bc it sound just like
you just made me smile SO big carlie! ah love you too! hugs to cooper! totally made my day! mwah x
Its def a great for some #nfl #football!
Thanks Kat, I hope you get some value out of it!
Cancel my subscription; I don't need your issues.
even though #harbaugh ended a great #Trojans win streak in the #Coloseum, can't help but root for him and the 49ers revival! beat the Saints
#Detroit #MFBP :: Is more then a #Lifestyle , It's a
": Damn omg rest in peace Todd wtf is going on ?" Dam he really pass
oooooohhh yeah :D
Exactly. The reliability of political polling.
I wish I was Mexican :(
i might delete this actually, lolol.
The chances of Dawn marrying any of them is very low. The little bitch doesnt know who she wants.
I have to get X-rays in my lungs too, I might have pneumonia.
Remember to keep your mindset high and your eyes on the prize the only one stopping you is YOU! #manifest your #dream into #reality #today!
11 days of school left. Hurry up.
I go every Sunday
I knew there was a reason I randomly burst into tears...
I don't have a guitar lesson this morning, going to my sisters dance show at the Albright Knox museum later today. should be interesting
Your wig is crooked.
Night Twitter ..Haven't heard from my Bf in 2weeks ...
Fox 11 news is my entertainment in the morning Lol haha
haha patience my dear <U+263A>
Hey daughter. :))
I love Brendan James.
Happy 3 monther to my amazing girlfriend !!!!!!!!!!
Why #Irene ??? Leave us alone.
Yes IM not doin TOO good right NOW
Honey 2 will never ever ever be As great as the first honey, I really wonder why they tried to make honey 2 it's straight up WHACK!
Doing software upgrades today... Installing Stylus RMX today and finally getting Logic 9 going
RT "It's lack of faith that makes people afraid of meeting challenges, and I believe in myself." - Muhammad Ali
lol A Duh, Again!
Surprised Schwartz was the pick. Thought he'd be available at 67. But hey with the blitzers in the AFC North, I'll take the tackle.
Who's responsible for the incorrect produce labeling? Organic is conventional. Conventional is treated, messed with, altered.
Also a pool table 4 sale!
Ugh too bad I didn't really have a "vacation"
Anyone see the Spotty Dotty promos, going on the last few weeks, on Channel 11, for her new TV shows?
Thinking about
thanks for the S/O!
You're not the only one, J! This status feels GOOD. ;)
Celine Dion's voice makes my heart break
U live till u die ...... KeyWord: LIVE
security academy of texas
People tweeted song lyrics, hes not actually naked on the floor! Sheesh!!!
There are several #murals I enjoy on my way to work from #HighlandPark, through #LincolnHeights to
RT BIG KIDD PRODUCTIONS WILL BE AT 2NITE,ITS LADIES NITE 2ROC THE MIC PLUS SPECIAL GUEST PERFORMANCES
RT : Hey ! will be reairing wrestlemania this Saturday on NBC
Go for it Edwin, we will laugh with you. No one will will unsubscribe and if they do F--- them.
Since I've never won anything in my life, could I just donate a nice amount and win coffee?? SO worth the drive from NYC :)
Left my Nexus S in the car while I ran a 5k. Went from 100% battery to 20%. Back to iPhoneland it is.
Poised Creation has heard your requests, we want to bring you music the way you want it!!!
"So do you have a name" :No my parents decided not to give me one. they call me girl :D"
SPECIAL WEEK OFFER! Week of all members picks for only 35$ Email me for more details
haha you right about that.
sum1s flooding early!!
I'm still down if that's cool. Any pre-hike brunch plans?
Working on the new site, looking to launch this Thursday!
<U+2665><U+2665>Somewhere the one I wanna be with with's somebody else... God I wanna be that someone that you're with...-Nickelback<U+2665><U+2665>
Happy Thanksgiving from all of us at Broken Glass!
: Go check out some fye music Shared via TweetCaster
is this about who I think its about...
Lit candles and put them around my room while grooving to #TheBeatles. Good vibes. This is as close as I'll get to tripping tonight.
My mom sure knows how to ruin my day
Signs are every; we have to stay strong! YE
Couldn't let go, it stayed on my mind At the end of the night I had to decide, I was thinkin'...
Taking a much needed break from studying...
Graduated from youth leadership Blount & thankful for all my lovelies from it
u can only choose one...
And maybe you can call in sick, and bring it to the crib and get all this..
In one moment he facebook yei yei happy night
Guilty pleasure: Selling LA, love the houses. I know, get back to writing.
#Milwaukee Fire officials say a possible 1 year old little girl has died in apartment fire at MLK and Wright.
baby do u still wanna be my wife and why did u block me :'( :'(
Y'all could bring me some too? Kthanks. :)
When girls take pictures in the bathroom at school! Haha :)
welcome, welcome!
Went to Cannon Beach--Uncle lived in Eugene-we lived in Idaho.spent lots of time watchng whales.My mama was into
What local PA schools should we create for Slyder Football?
Save the warehouse!
Haha. Mad Men has gotten too crazy. Me no like any more.
You keep reminiscing while i keep living it!
would love to retweet that Josie... But you won't let us!
i will inquire!
We love Chicago! Many of the bands who play there can't wait to return! Thanks Chicago!
School van driver facing rape charges in court in Boston. Latest at 5:30.
Burrito de carne asada sounds so god right now!
omg women r nuts after the age of 16!!!! lol mothers!!!!!!!!
Just reviewed my pages for the CRAVE book! Woo!
Today I killed a dozen zombies hanging out around sonic
THANK YOU, SIR!! Keep on fighting the good fight!
The random calls i get from my sis ! Lmao yay ! Summer is almost here #Vegas !!
tx will b da national champs and da Boys SB champs
"Recognition, not recall." Users shouldn't have to learn how to use your site, including the catalog.
The Packers gave up a conditional seventh-round pick for Anthony Smith.
Somewhere we went wrong.. we were once so strong.. our love is like a song.
I mean WITHOUT. D'oh.
follow back please?
OMFG THAT MEANS THEY'LL BE IN OR CLOSER TO MY TIMEZONNE where are they landing?
There's nothing wrong with being shallow as long as you're insightful about it
Sheeeshhh......you just got over low key......
RT : Come get your grub on before watching our at ! Brunch is now until 3!
Email me for the best offer available in the game!
I always enjoy your reporting! Keep up the tremendous work you do. TJ
EVERYONE follow you'll love her tweets! :)
It's been a while since I've looked at you guys...I'll take a look and DM you if you follow me. I can be a resource to you.
Getting off work at 3am = no life
im listen to massive attack o yeah
Whn we discuss how 2"provide" quality Educ., R we assuming their is always an active & ambitious, and engaged "recipient?"
You, sir, WIN.
you sound like 90% of my patients...
Got to the BA before Einsteins opens. I wish I was a morning person
#LiesIveToldMyParents Im still a virgin ; )
: Haha. So true!
i would just like to thank all my followers for following it means so much to me
if you're a major service provider there is no reason you shouldn't have live chat support.
The convo's done once you respond my text with " K " .
If the business defines the person, then the tough decisions get even tougher.
Happy thanksgiving! I'm @ PLAN B tonight, come on thru
President Obama visited this past weekend; he picked up several books, including ROOM!
Have A Day.
We make a living by what we get, we make a life by what we give.
Forgiving means to pardon the unpardonable. Faith means believing the unbelievable. And hoping means to hope when things are hopeless.
Happy 420! Everyone deserves a much-needed break and celebration now and then!
started friend season 1
Or jump into a fourth wife.
THIS TRAFFIC IS A MUTHA F*****!
...because today I got the 40%-off discount in my email.
glad to bring you back to print! (even briefly) There will be an e-Radio Iris available, but not for a couple weeks
I know I was stretching the #OpenAccess tag on that last post, but it's kind-of related, and totally relevant news.
Thanks for the Tweet-Out, John - what are YOU doing up so late???
Convenience foods are pre-made meal fine for emergency but it is not healthy & very expensive.
Thanks, doll. Great to see you today!
“: I want to make one thing clear: I am neither a Republican or Democrat. #ELE”. Radical!
^pcWho created Valentines Day?
Only ended up waiting 40 minutes for the IRS to answer... #LostCheck?
i wanna go shopping!! :)
MT When someone says they'll move for an internship, screams ready to push out of comfort zone. Immediate yes to hire
you killed Sylvia, you took her life away and didn't think twice about it.. we are putting on facebook, websites, youkilledher
I miss your smile... I miss mine even more... #HowDidWeGetHere??!?!
Hey there, Tara ! It's nice to see you here (Twitter friends - if you haven't seen Tara's blog, check it out!). Blessings.
RT : Do not confine your children to your own learning for they were born in another time. - Hebrew Proverb
let's do lasagna and garlic bread at my place tonight. offered to make it. Should be delicious.
stop pointing your ass at my eyeballs
Im so in love with this guy! !! You gotta follow him!
This is what interns are for.
was trippin during prom.
what happen
If anybody needs me I'll be in Skyrim all day.
how have you been?
Hooray Michelle! Glad you have your toe in the water!
um... periods
That time of day again, work time!! Woo -_____-
>>that's all???lol
true. I respect what ever your actions are.
bay port sounds like a good new home for me(:
Beautiful Monster (:
talk to mee!!!
Sorry for the wait Cece dropping soon...
thank you buddy.
Had a great night celebrating the season with our client
Thanks for all the help! RT : Have an incredible time at ur wedding! Congratulations!
had a fun time at paranormal activity! work tommorow : (
Make sure you stop by Southern Ivy before you head home to take advantage of our awesome deals going on!
“: #CutMasters "Up was good bro"”nuttin much waiting for the MEETING........
Like... He's on the screen talking about murders and I'm just like "you gorgeous mother fucker umphhhhhh"
Girl i wanna fuck u right now.
thanks, I'll always be having new items rotating through
previous tweet courtesy of
Advanced placement geometry. DAMN I'm not smart lol
The walking dead?
#SCTOP10 #Mariners Michael Saunders go-ahead GS vs #BlueJays in 10th. 1st career Grand Slam in Home Country.
RT if you speak english,love justin bieber,live in the USA
I swear every one got a hair cut today
has no available yurts for 's birthday. Very sad because this means we are camping with the tent again.
great tunes! Nice to be cheered while working ;-)
;) so what's rhe time over there?
hit up she does email blasts to djs might be able to get u on the radio!!!
So much girl power! I'm so flattered to be receiving so much great feedback from everyone! Thank you so much! Much love! <333
what kind of beer is it??
I can't Apperantly I'm not allowed...
this is something much needed in Boston. You guys got my support.
I do......airana plzzz follow me..this is like my 9th time tryna get u to follow me..PLZ
you mean that summer camp
Those knuckle-dragging flat earthers love them some Insanetorum.
Corrine, it is a staggering thought
When Kailynn hears other babies crying, she starts kicking and punching as if she's trying to get out of my belly to save them!
FEAR THE RALLY CAP!! takes a 5-4 lead in bottom of 7th!
wow you werent kidding when you said america had little interest in you guys. just saw the vid when you all were in vegas :/
RT Before we disappear into the hectic blur of the New Year...yfrog.com/kefwmgtj
I worked for a liberal Dem in Congress and usually think that way. I just like people to agree on facts.
Got our whole staff laughing at this one. And the S.AP award goes to....
Great finish
You guys were amazing on KROV! You guys made my weekend with that, ustream, and younow! Follow Please?(:
Buying a motorcycle. Sitting in the sales office now.
was in the building last night tearing it down!!
"I will always recognize the sound of a movie projector." Best quote from Hugo.
releasing via their public website is not a leak. a leak would be secretly releasing to a single source other than O'Mara.
For every 1 lurker that u know about there's about 10 that u don't know about.
aw thanks :)
lunch next week? Thursday?
Enjoyed a great evening at the Braxton County Senior Center with many friends. Thanks to everyone for making the evening such a success!
fuck you buddy can't hear
Got my hopes up for a sec
Selecting wedding wines at D'Argenzio in Burbank. Unique pours courtesy of winemaker Matt.
Missed ya tonight!
Am I asking for too much?!? It can't be this hard.
lol. Send me the pic you want
Looking forward to it!
I kind of like "doctor away" as an imperative. Now that you're a doctor, feel free to "doctor away!"
NP! Can't wait till 2nd season...I need to look into how you all pick panel members. I know a couple great guys for panel.
thanks for the #FF the 13th!
I do <33 thats slot per month!
Have a super nice weekend, enjoy,relax & keep us in mind for your Brazilian Hardwood flooring needs!Cumaru - Ipe - Jatoba & more
of course!!!! I've been waiting for forever!!!, lol.
Another day to be great.
Don't it seem like.... like im always there when it matters
Prescription drug abuse a growing problem - KGO-TV
When coding an #ebook, I've found listening to Three Days Grace and Breaking Benjamin is calming. They do all the screaming for you.
dear internet, if there's something you don't want people to know about you, stop tweeting/blogging it! that would be
Final meeting of Jones Point Park construction liaison group May 1, 7 p.m. at Lee Center, 1108 Jefferson St.
I wish i was good enough for you
who are you?
thank you for the rt!
Detroit Tigers look poised to win the 2011 #MLB World Series.
Wow you are such a close minded person and probably a closet dyke yourself and I will always be a fan of
you can be the big city bang bang
Happy for Octavia Spencer! I hope Viola Davis wins her nomination too..
GOD MORNING!!!!
girls are sluts, especially ones with boyfriends, yal are some grimey snake bitches
When I walked in the house with flowers and a card my mom started crying right away and gave me a hug
TIM what are the results of the games at UNO so far
Our museum store is open for special hours today. Stop by before 3 pm!
no before the concert...when we were talking about how you met Cody when his hair was curly or something..lol
ABX serves breakfast from 7 - 10:30 a.m.! Come in and try our Breakfast Burrito, SmokeHouse Sandwich or ABX Cakes!
Itz a ghost town in dis b#$*h!
Time to call this a night
Watching tennis then taking a walk and enjoying the beautiful day!
WANT NEW WORKOUT GEAR? I was searching for zip-up jackets and workout tops. Best ones for many reasons I found were at Costco!! Great col…
We were just going over very basic logistics with friends today. No matter what, it's gonna be a nightmare
I would love to host a houseparty #benefitfan. My fingers are crossed.
Dreams don't work unless you do.
The dude who played Kirk is a lock for the drummer. Who would also be a Cylon.
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY!!!!
- just finished up listening to the A-Team theme song. I feel that I can conquer anything now.
You got it, dude.
Ooohh.. what did she look like "up close?"
lmao omg we had feathers all over the car too :( lol
I like the new found maturity
I must follow the people. Am I not their leader? - Benjamin Disraeli
Amusing social experiment in remote memberships at
People are always talking casually about inflation via ticket prices, but the place my sticker shock is most visceral is candy bar pricing.
#easterbunny is on his way to !
about what? Lol
Jerremy Lin and the other guys w/ the Knicks play that team in Miami tonite under All Of THE Lights ! Thats what Im doing tonite !!
men in suites
I want to go to the music festival today..
none of my hw will ever get finished if I was still working out here with that ho bag in Monterey.
I still like the TV, though.
I wanna drink my apple juice. . .
So sleepy, not even 10
While majority of Filipinos are fluent in English, I still believe that a local translation will captivate more readers
Iv got money to blow
Good morning #WoodleyPark ! Need a go-to lunch spot in the area? LiLLiES at 2915 Conn Ave boasts a great $7 Lunch Special!
is having a meeting tomorrow so I will not be attending! We send our best wishes! Congratulations to Bob!
people 35 + give to these issues CHILDREN CANCER ANIMALS Ages 18-24 include homelessness in their top 3
On the way to Florida! Haven't made it outta WV yet, and is already asleep lol
yeah, I'm staying.
Ok I get that Fed as leader is expected to respond a certain way. Got it. Few in press have leader expectations for Nadal Why?
+ maybe some play-by-play reports. . .
Nice! what burger did you have there?
Not as long as I have a uterus! Thanks for having my back
Thanks! RT : #FF: , , for their incredible work tackling some of the world's toughtest issues.
Smoking <<< grow up.
RT - The Jacksonville Jaguars are turning to rookie quarterback Blaine Gabbert.
"I can't wait to get whatever Kobe Has!" - Everyone on the Lakers and Nuggets
anyone know if you can add a watermark or other image protections in #omeka ?
Wow, thanks! So glad you had a good time!! Come back and see us soon!
why so late lol
its decided, im becoming a boxer
take lots of notes, ill have loys of questions
oh my god could you imagine what would happen if she saw it...
Wow! The Old Globe won the 2 top prizes at the 2011 Craig Noel Awards 2night! Best Musical (Emma) & Best Play (Osage: August County)!
I am the only person in this laundromat. This is a new experience.
I'd love to teleport across country and have my morning coffee on Mom's deck in country Maine. That woman can make a story out of ANYTHING!
Doug and I headed to the Dream Game 2!
speeds ahead with buy of rival ITIS, looks to reduce global traffic congestion - GeekWire
$15 for High Tea for 2 Includes Mini Sandwiches, Fruit, Scones, and Desserts at Remember When Tea House ($30 Value)
Thank you all!
Tonight is film night @ SECCA -- complete with popcorn. Program starts at 6 pm. More than 25 short mobile movies to be screened. FREE.
It's pretty amazing :) We're working in school libraries in Cuzco, and then this weekend we're headed to Machu Picchu!
Science to get interesting today. Our groups get to set up their experiments today. YEAH finally!
Feeling guilty at having uttered the former a lot lately.
5am? Sleep? What's that?
aw, i wanna go to kennywood
#thingsIwantthemost for my family and friends to be happy <3
You're welcome:) RT thanks for the follow
If you'd like to speak at your high school assembly, talk to your advisor/principal and have them call us! (414) 273-4670
she's not one of us anymore
too bad!
I dOnT waNt No oNe ElSE In YoUr aRmS BUt Me <3
Sci-Fi is the path to world peace, per the Toastmaster.
The royal wedding is only the wedding of the century because Flava Flav hasn't found the "one" yet
I just got pranked by my sister and cousin -_-
I'm not leaving my bed tomorrow, Cindy.
oh girl i gotta tell u somethin juicey!!
it totally is! Thanks! Happy Sat night!!!! :)
Overheard on BART: "I'm not high, I just had to sneeze"
Wrestle mania ahahah(:
FUCK.YES. ONE WEE
This tweet was directed to ion subtweet just couldn't figure out da name at da time
I keep waiting for the NCAA to announce that last night's performance by the Anthony Davis Five was just an April's Fool Stunt, but....
firefox 4 locks up for a few seconds intermittently (2 systems win7x64). Addon installed is adblock plus on one, java console on the other.
Getting my first tattoo in a couple hours...super excited!!!!
Cool, thanks! Looking forward to a good season.
hehehehe It's stuck in my head too.
"A man paints with his brains and not with his hands. - Michelangelo "
But I was totally ready and had my homework and everything, so I'm a responsible person.
yeh it takes 6 months to finalise. And my ex husband fucked me over on taxes too. He ahould have filed single. Cunt.
boo I thought this was going to be a where to meet girl-friends type thing. That's what I need <U+0001F609>
I have to be careful what I talk about with my dad and he made a rude comments last night
Bring me some fucking kettle corn.
u know what i mean. and he is following me.. just stop. kay? ur the one making me mad. im just protecting my self
send me ur email and I'll send you the posting (having trouble sending you a DM)
I love watching stuf about Hitler
Today in jazz: 1923 Pianist Ellis Larkins born in Baltimore, MD.
#oomf right now > wahhhhhhhhhhhhhh, i miss him ;(
Great day looking at houses. A very promising prospect! Really hope it all works out.
When I get back to the city, Balthazar breakfast?
My mentors changed my life. Kudos to the #ubuffalo mentors
children nowadays learn tech skills easily because they are surrounded by it. We are the tech emigrants.
Lol, I think I've said enough for the night...or the year. Haha. Besides, I'm going to sleep now. Goodnight.
You guys need to come to Miami tho like on the real...
Please, someone come to my apt, take my laundry, and bring it back clean and folded. Thanks.
Ways to piss of neighbors: become a drummer, then also download obnoxiously loud dubstep.
okay ima stop makin beats and take my ass to sleep my ears hurtin
I'm pretty sure you got them beat over at Wally world
Cheers! RT : Follow Friday!
So cool! Thank you for the quick response! Although I'll have to admit that this is the most advanced Flask app I've ever seen!
“ #IAlwaysWonderIf people know exactly what comes out of their mouths.”
okay no neck
You know I have love for the posters. But the artificial supply limits is lame. There is not reason for it.
Off Colby Lewis, too .... Wow. GOrioles. RT : BACK-to-BACK-to-BACK baby!
such a fan of goode co seafood gumbo - it has its own speed dial button on my phone.
Just finished planning a #GreatSave event for #EMS week with the trauma team. I'm amazed every day of the heros aroudn me!
#Grammys- lots of fun tonight. Adele deserved it all. Tony Bennett is amazing at 85. Enjoyed McCartney's finale. Minaj bit was dumb.
RT : Frustrated tweet
also luv signs cause it scared the crap out of me when i saw it. as do most m night shyamalan movies.
Congrats on 10 great years. I wish I could have been there to celebrate last night. Here's to many more years...
I'm lovin it?
great show
Happy Saturday, everyone! My humans mentioned something about "trim nails and beak" today. I wonder what that means?
+1 : Startup Success Secret #5- Co-founding Team. Pick co-founders not just based on complementary skills on great chemistry
Did you get your hotel booked in Ocean City. If you need help, we can help you!
"They lump us together like we're one big uterus." -Lizz Winstead
RT : This year the parade celebrates its 46th birthday with the Shamrock club. What are some of your favorite parade...
Glee is amazing tonight
Switched at Birth <3
Watch they dnt get up for breakfast blk n billy they all full of shit
If those smelly kitties overpower the house, call us! We are pet odor specialists
That's y I try to support GOOD music or in my option I think is good music!!
That result was a huge surprise!
I'm picking this game as an App State v. Michigan upset!
stupid eli
why is the IRS esxtended tax credit from 2008 now a repayable loan not a tax credit anymore?
lololool you stupid!
every one follow shes the best
what are clothes , never heard of em'
Today is a wonderful day to celebrate the work of Veterans. Now to explore how to better serve them as audiologists!
Happy Valentines Day everyone!!!!
Finished my last full day of Junior year. <U+0001F604> thank god
hahaha, I know all about that...
Hahaha :D are you even serious that this is trending :O
Yahh...summer is a little bit....not optimal. I'll DM you my email/phone. Love to talk with you about it!
Roll pass my way I'll give you everything, just bring a usb or somn ": Possible tonight y whats up?
Thanks! nice Twitter background !!!
I love this place!
There were 3 people one had a dog, 2 had a cat, and three had a horse how many pets did each man have? Dm me it. =D
I sweat just as much starting fitness at 350lbs as I do now.
RT RT : Lotus flower bomb , firefly , When I'm low , she take me high , I can teach you all the sounds of love <U+2665>
Took my headphones/mic home over the weekend. Forgot to throw them in my bag this morning. No music in my cube. Sad.
I'm in #miami bitch
Go to Rolling Oaks mall today at 6:30 in San Antonio(:
follow me back I was the singer sendin u the songs on fb
What if I ask you a good question- do I get a stupid reply?
After my healthy kick is over, we should enjoy a
“: How is it that 's app understands him when we're all still trying to figure him out? #bhds12”
The true test of love is showing it and saying it. Be proud of the one you love, Sometimes we forget to do those small things that matter.
Does that mean i can go back to bed? RT : RT : It's 4/04. Today not found.
In case you missed it, not a banner night for Nunez. MT : Matusz had thrown six straight balls. Nunez pops up next pitch.
his bad!
If you need something to do follow me! I follow back!
enjoy the game! : )
Bro, you're in the same building as me. Don't make me come beat the shit outcha..
Business plans all over the place. What does Milwaukee need?
Me very cool. I'm producing theater in nyc for the first time: )
The one thing that the texas renegade has not considered is, what is going to happen to him? He had better.
Hey there is this girl. She's amazing, beautiful, funny, sweet, unique & she is reading this right now.
C'Mon, Chargers! Let's not waste these Denver and Oakland losses!!!
slow cook bbq chicken for 6 hours then taking it over to coaches with homemade slaw and dirty rice
how do you know this?
Y Ministry and I are Broke..gave it 7 long years...Going to stop the web sight and My Ministry...Can't pay the bills on Hope and Visions
Out of power. Even the cell phone was out of juice and was charging. Cut off from phones and the internet last few minutes.
Make that face to the teacher that turned his back.... yep your cool _-_
Bacon RT : Q10 #FoodieChat You are feeling blue! What is your GO TO that always makes you feel better!
TY #fitbot makes fitness tracking as easy as sharing a pic! RT: motivates u to live a healthy lifestyle
same but he + his uber talented new band will be on tour later this year
We'll see, I'm not promising anything though <3
saw your feature in W-
‘Abdu’l-Bahá is having lunch with the minister and some friends. He promises to return to Montclair to see them again.
I almost bumped into some guy at the gym, I say "sorry". He says "you're fine" and pinches my ass...
i'm standing outside of my self looking at me
And I just retweeted that, too.
I'd been as a kid many times, but I love it much more now that I can appreciate cities.
You think ? LOL He looks worn out.
Got to start training for lax soon. Even though it's 6 months away. Days of being lazy are over
"Johnny Depp wears a hat and the sets look like they were made from Skittles then left in the rain!" - Every Tim Burton pitch since 2005
I will miss all the amazing talent the #Colts let go this year, but I'm thrilled is still our punter. He's my fave anyway :)
Start the school year out on a good foot- treat your tots to some new kicks courtesy of JeanTherapy kids!
Can we do this again soon please?! Miss you. xo
#sillyofmetothink that I could actually sleep tonight with tons of undone homework and you stuck in my mind.
Facebook is like prom pic central right now
Nothing like sitting outside listing to voice<3
Morning tweets! Getting my studying done early!
yeah they did!
Does the Pope tweet? Someone just said they think he does!
Wow I want you back just came k. My shuffle I can't wait for senior year and to have all you abroad fucks back!!!
Don't be afraid of success!!!
If someone says they're bisexual people automatically focus on the gay aspect.
RIP Jennings Osbourne, the biggest philanthropist from Ark not named Walton. Thanks for your contributions to our state and the Razorbacks!
Don't forget to post information about your business on this FB page to share with others.
Don't let them get you down. You're a huge inspiration to me! Don't you forget it!
Come 2:10-2:15 a.m. tho...I predict an increase of booty calls when the club closes. Thats how we celebrate- AYE!
Jon Will’s gift
tweet me ! :D
RT : Moms & moms2B: Text “BABY” to 511411 to receive free health tips by text message
Hate letting the weight room guys down again. Wedding rehearsal thenpreaching in Ripley!
Happy St. Patrick's Day! I hope everyone is being safe!
who is this??
I prefer dark books, YA can be a bit tame for me ;)
See there's the proof...what goes around comes around.
Yup! Everyone won't present tomorrow, but everyone needs to be ready. You can be sure to go tomorrow, since you have supplies.
Starting off the morning with some live jazz! JIC's Residency Program artists are playing a concert right now for CPS students!
Sweet! Glad you got to hang out!
Closed SHORT $USDCHF for +18 pips profit; 6% of the community volume is trading the USDCHF with sentiment 80% SHORT
Politely turns up Mary Mary "Go Get It" in my ear buds...
I always hear good things about ABBYY, and I believe they have a light Mac version for about $50
We, at , will plant more plants!
why is my inklink name piggypower.....
Love seeing the girls on #ERedCarpet!
sub in 1st period <U+0001F612>
HOF LB Harry Carson on Sirius: 'Knowing what I know now, I told my daughter that (my 2-year-old grandson) is not going to play football.'
Busy travel season ahead! #AHRD2012, Eastern Econ, Public Choice Society and #ASPA2012. Let us know if you will be at any of those meetings!
Thanks for MT, , nice paper
Every other teammate would have been like WTF... He passed it to me?
Vinne, you are hilarious!
Just figured out if you want an award in my school you either have to be anti social and have no friends or sleep during class.
Welcome to twitter! Matt is a great resource for information about commercial financing. Following him will be a benefit!
Salud to the end of a great week!
ICONic Boyz (: && Yeahh ! I Sent Them Fan Mail && They Sent Me Back <3
we're now hearing about upcoming studies - what platforms do people use to get information?
Haha what more when yer drunk??? That was awesome! I love Canadians!
“: Wow Prater....you kinda sorta suck.”
i know it had to effect the weight to. iad be very surprised if it didnt.we will see in a couple of weeks
Rest in peace David. 42 years wasn't enough.
U have 2 find me or attend 1 of our events..MIG Open House/Open Tech Forum/Tech SIG Biz Meet RT #NAFSA10 I want 2 know2
boo ! <U+0001F44E> lol what are you doing ?
I want an avengers shirt !
Can we crowd source tat designs and then twitter poll for a final? Let's make a kick starter project to fund it! I'll help.
Amazing views of Jupiter and Venus tonight in a clear sky in
can't WAIT to get into the studio!!!!
So far...they'll probably ice it when he goes back to the dugout...
perfect! :) good luck on your finals! i'll text you on thursday & we'll plan something!
Greg always tweets things that I say; they're of context and out of control...
Wow, what a day so far, I feel like a short order cook in the busiest restaruant in town. Hustle, hustle...HUSTLE! Anyways, back to work!
Agh. Whatever. I'm going to sleep.
already done
Just remembered I own the packers! LOL
Don't forget the event is tonight at 6:30 PM.
Was literally trapped in an Arby's restroom for 10 mins. Not a fun experience
oh & I'm thinking of Vegas for august but I liked Miami <U+E404>
figured it out, looks like you need to be following me for me to DM you
Money make the world go round i showd main man "Gene'Bo" i few trick's to make these hoe's go dwn..
Hey Guys, Go To My Profile & Like My Video Plweease (:
everything that could of gone wrong kinda did...
Fearless is having fears. Fearless is having doubts-Lots of them. To me, Fearless is living in spite of those things scare you to death.
I follow them now!
hey, I am going to see St Vincent in a few hours!!!
R u checking your DMs? We won't announce the winner to our #GreysBenefit Sweeps until eligibility is confirmed. Thank you all for your RTs!
Look I'm doing the best I can with what I got. That should be well enuff for u
BETRAYED BY THE MAN!! we r at the vet!
#occupy my ass but I got paid in cash non union work it gets more crappy by the minute
you might be wrong on this one
Stout on top of cider or wine... none of which are beer to be pedantic, which I am being... but, yes. :D
pure sex? What video did you see? Lol <U+0001F633>
no it's hotter then a bitch!!
thank you for the #FF! Have a great weekend!
double dutch chocolate!
I’m already bored. °I’m already wise. °I’m already worn. °I’m already wondering ‘What am I?’
What's Up ?
Only 1 week until !
sweet story, morning glory.
A little boy walked up to me and wished me a happy mother's day. I'm not a mommy but thank you young man. <U+0001F60A>
well I don't mean you of course! I'm mainly talking about guys
I might just drive up for $3 pints...if I cam find a designated driver to come with.
After dinner and drinks, that is.
hey dan bob lew here congrats on award
Yay for Jenn coming home today!
That moment in high school when I got to buy a wedding dress and it was the greatest thing ever
oh yes we will babe ;)
Dallas Wins Championship! Dirk & Terry shine! Thug Wade McDirty & LeBum McTarded get their comuppance!
me ethier it sucks!!!
Baked red velvet cupcakes from scratch. Get in my mouth now.
maclin,moss,hicks,d.thomas.which 3??please
"Superhero" Phoenix Jones arrested after pepper spray incident.
follow me please sexy!
"Trailblazing Military Women Fight For Equal Treatment" #huffpost GOP tells them: get out of the plane & into the kitchen!
i like your sweatshirt! when are you having your spring 2012 fashion show?
Cry-baby-hattan.
hahahaha wait huh? What be goinnnn on
That's awesome! Doesn't it feel so good?!! You got this next 75lbs! Keep up the AMAZING work you've been doing!
I watch your show Ellen cuz you laugh,love and dance everyday, just love you baby !!
I just let my Mind wander, but it didn't come back yet.
We will say a prayer for her Laurn.
Me: I'll wear a snood. Husband: What's a snood? Me: Like a cloche. Husband: That doesn't help.
ha ha I'll share a bed ! Wouldn't be the first time :)
haha I've actually thought of doing that, too.
Lazy #Saturday .....
10k a year to blow bubbles with
nice catch son! I haven't caught shit yet!
Where art thou, Kevin?
#armband Cool Blue Armband sports SKIN for Sony Walkman NWZ-E353
Fun friday! Have any great plans for the weekend?
What happened???
RT : Okay seriously, what does everyone want from Santa this year?
RT : Can't wait for all of the fresh produce tomorrow morning starting at 8. Looking forward to a walking waffle!
I stayed home I feel like shit
“: Work was a bad choice.” I hear ya.
Get a room.
Vanilla Candles >
A song with out bass? NOT here Bro! I keep the fingers movin to the beat!
Up singing Boats and Hoes. Deadliest catch with out the Crabs lmao
me too it's crazzy
Everyone else in the room can see itt.
Met with Isagenix colleague today. Joining the IsaDerby. Can't wait to see our team's progress!
Asked BF to name something I'm good at: Reading...falling asleep early.....waking up early. All the qualities you look for in a mate, yes?
It was absolutely the right call, but if this was Open Cup champ and it was KC I'd be screaming I'm sure.
I've had it a while but have not used it much. Using it more now : didn't know you were a twitter-er! Nice.
Where all my people's at?
Did U ever apologize for your part in the #CultureOfCorruption or just pretend it never happened?
Has anyone signed Kellen Moore as a FA Yet,There are some better guys out there,Stapelton wont make it,why bring a body in
#LIVINGTHEDREAM love the life I live!
Twitter...why do you mock me?
feeling so weird without my phone in my frocket
I am not interested in following anyone. But for now, tonight I am a Satanist.
Good morning rain. You have oerstayed your welcome.
hey! DM me. Need some FX.
EVERY WEDNESDAY AT HALLIGAN: $2.50 You Call Its! All Bottles, Drafts and Cocktails Only $2.50 All Night!! Open At 5pm
I love listening to Spanish versions of songs. Hardcore worldwide.
McDonalds ad tag-line just now during NO/GB: "The simple joy of being smart." Yeah, smart and fucking obese.
oh yea told me about that, damn, we woulda won in OT finally I bet even though we haven't won in OT yet haha
haha that's very true!
It wud be the best thing evr to get it bfor i dye my hair
In order to #succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure.
Was right to support b/c Filner, DeMaio nor Dumanis comprehend the tremendous value in support bicycling in SD.
this asian bitch keeps starin at me like .. not even tryna hide it. fuckin looker n shit.
you guys are slammin! And jammin!
When Jeff Daniels says the f-word I feel like something is terribly, terribly wrong with the world.
happy birthday mommy<U+2764>
“ Get to know a person before you put your heart in it, If you dont you'll end up loving them for the wrong reason”
Responded to FIRE @ 7 Sun Valley Road, Livingston Manor, NY 12758. Red Cross auto update.
You surely do! Is your name on here different than it used to be? How you been?
I wish I could be but I live in Oklahoma! Will be seeing it here soon tho !
check us out at SOWO. We will be a vendor there.
Looking for a Junior HR rep with 2-3yrs exp for CMG -email me at The job is also posted on linkedin
Dont u be on that bullshit
here I am
Woops! I meant "worth"
Watching Snake Eyes starring and Nicholas Cage. I love Gary! How did I not know this movie existed?
Walker's a crook. he brought dirty politics to MKE County.
ok I have only 114 character so what am I suppose to do writing paragraph
that's also known as "Thursday in July," in Texas.
Thanks for watching. I appreciate it. Have a good week :-)
Hey , those batik hangings in the stairs b/t 2nd & 3rd floors of the Info Commons building are not actually batik. Just sayin.
so glad i got to hang out with yesterday :) can't wait to get her to Charlotte!!
#nercomp12 connectyard as lms.never heard of conect yard b4.can attach video from phone as a message
#Realshit pillow pets are so comfy :)
Should probably not be allowed to listen to Bartók when: A) I am this anxious, and B) I have this much caffeine in my system
my bad I couldnt chill and chop it up my nig. Had moves to shoot
I followed her
The #Steelers are smiling from ear to ear. They couldn't stop Suggs last year. Now they won't have to
didn't realize Jermaine Paul who won "The Voice" was THE Jermaine Paul. he deserves his shot so much. dude been putting in WORK.
Oh I guess when I see "vs." i think of an actual competition. They do delcare a winner, which I don't think is fair.
They're here! Our ED admits are becoming fast friends on Facebook, posting 24 hours/day. Which means I need to disable email notifications.
Everyone do yourself a favor and follow . More info coming verryyy soon!
I wish! I miss you already! Come see me!!!
I bought 2 copies yesterday. Did you after all?
There is a song bout that indicating 5:00 is right.... but I see nothing wrong with noon if you have a free day!
it's cool, jk
Know your plan AND EXECUTE. Everything else will take care of itself. Packer's talent much better! Huge game this week!
Can we talk other there <U+0001F609>
For the first time in over a year of post production, Im finally completely happy with the intro to this film, thanks to
HE DID. TROLOLOLOLO
Glad the playoffs are on because I'm tired of all the #political bs.
Mrs. Harriet R. Egan, I received your letter and I read it at the meeting of egg people the other day. [1944]
#AdventureTime Is an amazing show!!!!!
Remember God loves you and I love you!
that was the doing of previous ownership. We're more than making up for it with fall 12.
It is unreal autocorrect doesn't correct itself. I spell it wrong everytime I'm trying to blame my shitty texting on it
Speaking of Super Monday Night Combat, anyone played the beta yet? (Gotta be tough competing with Diablo I this weekend....)
im so tried
boner = killed.
if you guys have to go to the bathroom during a red flag, what do you do?
Dinner service is just getting started! Come on down for a great night at The Bar! Located at St Rose & Eastern
Check out our new Ep "Edge of Collapse" now on Itunes!
How are
Ugh , why is it not college football season yet ?
what was that saying, 'the only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen at once', well it is not working...
I've been working crazy hours at work so it finally caught up to me! Hope you have a good day and get some sleep later!
Well done is better than well said. -Benjamin Franklin
i wanna run away. not like my parents would give a fuck...........
Thanks yo. Nothing I'd rather be doing right now than studying for our goddamn Spanish exam
Made some kind of "twistake" 2day. Out of the blue, I've been followed by 4 Spanish-language accounts wanting 2 send me daily Bible verses.
Where u off 2?
I spent this last Shabbat in Efrat, Gush Etzion. It's snowed there today. I've been asked several times if it will snow in Jerusalem.
Thank you for my awesome haircut!!! A nice way to start out my weekend!
James Rodgers snags the ball away from the defender for a 28 yard TD! Canfield delivers a great pass. OSU up 23-21 with 14 seconds in half.
I just downloaded the app. Kinda neat.
aw damnit! That sounds amazing! Like mind blasting! Oh wait thats Russel Peters joke.
yeah, that's great for me too!
so all time NBA history milestone for KG but he is not granted as a winner on todays fix, good to know your standars...
Yeah I'm not crazy about the #NYRB coach. Watch #Agudelo really bloom with Chivas USA.
way to rock Mansfield, !
#Grammys were a WIN (minus niki minaj...not my favorite)
can i come over earlier??
We call them the Southbeach Sox ": Love how #whitesox fans come to see wearing their sox gear. C root for him.
no she did some accent shit, this was a last second thing, nappy roots show was like $40. So I'm watching future missing girls
Fireballs? Why not! Hugh Jass with and !
OMG, that is fantastic! cannot wait to hear the CD and purchase it, it will be awesome, I just know it!!!
omg I'm scaired
Hey pastry world happy Passover and have an unbelievable swag Easter xoxoxo
What is it about the #RockysThemeSong that always gets me fired up!
So excited to be at #soslam this morning. Having amazing conversations with everyone I meet!
I told u ur my heart how can I live without my heart.
Woo! Thanks for sharing my song.
...because when i fall i fall hard.
I had a dream I was on and now I feel like I'll be sad all day cause it'll never be true :( lol
You're welcome! Hope everything goes well tomorrow. RT : thanks to #JMS481 for the beautiful flowers and lovely card!
I'm in oak creek wisco or as locals call it "oak crick"
Yum. Hot popcorn
Intimately revisiting financial year 2010, in which I would have saved a huge amount of money if I had been legally married. Just sayin.
Congrats to our Branch Manager in Famington, NM for his accilades from the local title co! 13 days from submission to closing!
Eventually, you realize that kisses don't always mean anything & promises can be broken as quickly as they are made.”
shiiiid. Just got off stage. Lounging. Wbu?
I miss & I can't wait for him to come to TX next year to go to college 20 min away from me!
I love you more!
My favorite people RT “: "Millions of Milkshakes Madness"
Its been a long day; Going to sleep in my favorite black tee! Ah, Goodnight tweeps (: FCSJR
I'm seeing sun and margaritas in my near future!!! Who's w/me???
gets them thru it when you ur hurting and just want ur child back
hey Mike, won't be able to make the presentation tonight, but looking forward to the next one.
I think you gone look good with short hair
. Haven't heard trade rumors. Pierce is Celtics' captain. Too good to ever be a Laker. We're oldies but goldies! GO CELTICS!
National Adoption Month Brings Attention to Children in Foster Care - The Ledger
Jesus taught forgiveness, mercy, humility. The Christian church teaches condemnation, retribution, and punishment by death.
if only you knew.
I have no idea how I hit the "p"
When a good thing goes bad... it's not the end of the world, just an end to a world.
Uh-oh RT : US DOJ announces it has seized $1.5 mil worth of fake sports gear sold online from China.
At the centre of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want. - Lao Tsu
Can u still buy mega millions tickets?
Listening to some DMX to get ready for this exam
lol!! such an appropriate gif for that situation - "bitch."
where are u from?
Why was yesterday the first time I ever watched Blood Diamond? Such a good movie.
spent too much money today
I'm still getting used to it!
So people should work for free? That's ridiculous. You imply that someone is taking that revenue to the bank, but its reinvested
i don't like Shoobe...
Nothing like 4:30 practice to start your weekend off.
arvo2010: Leveraging Phase II Study Data to Effectively Select Primary Endpoints and Sample Size for a Phase I... - Tammy Hsu, May 6, D898
Tell mama Melton to save me a seat!
Life is a mystery to be lived, not a problem to be solved
I just wanna go home, shower, make some soup, and watch a cute movie.
Doing some gardening this weekend? I sure am! What were the gardens called that close to 20 million Americans planted during World War II...
you should think about the interview you have today.. not the fact that cueto is about to get blown up
<U+0001F448>this guy is probably so mad right now watching the lakers game
give me the link (:<
Not sure how a hoodie can get my son killed. This honestly has to be the most ignorant comment I have heard thus far.
Starting a Q&A video segment, and I need questions! Ask me anything you'd like to know about USF and I'll find a campus expert to answer!
Cafeteria sushi was a terrible impulse decision this morning
RT : I can't move.
wow! That was crazy! Buzzer beater.
Wondering why Daunt didn't feel that way about paper books and library lending. Maybe am not smart enough to understand?
but Eben didn't and he was my favorite!
thanks Berni! We cant wait!!
Your first call for help should be to God. <U+0001F64C>
great win last night #HIFI!!!!!
I didn't know g force was 3d that changes everything! Wait no, it really doesn't
Fun fact: your brain uses 20-30% of your total oxygen intake!
Anybody know how to set an "out of office" email notification/auto-reply for Outlook. The newest outlook.
I had the best dream ever last night, lol (: I met 143
dude - does alice soccer have a google calendar??
I don't get cell service in our hotel room. But I'm so posses about AI results.
getting fit doing sit-ups.
Im done giving in to the world, its about time that the world gives into me.
Turpin High School, Cincinnati, OH.
Paranormal??? Love it when I hear glass shattering in my house and I go investigate the noise and nothing is amiss.
I'm terrified to fly with my 22-month old son next month. Airport hostility is getting worse.
I'm tempted to say that scholarly engagement outside of libs should be required
Bad thing about feeling icky: beginning of a cold/flu. Good thing about feeling icky: getting work done late at night.
I just changed my Twitter account name to KingtonCommRE to reflect the fact that I will be tweeting as Kington Commercial. Same focus.
Just saw last Died laughing "I swear to God Megan I will cut your hair & kill you if you don't move faster."
I'm Watchin' Top 10 Plays & There's No Basketball Plays On The CountDown It's The Play-offs wtf is goin on?
When will or other quality #kdrama services besides give us iOS apps?
Cole Aldrich too!
Yes indeed! We hockadoo! -The B Side
I hate kids that think they're cool.
Sing it out loud, if you like it like that;)
Thank the lord! Or else it would be
She's built like a steakhouse...but she handles like a bistro
Tonight I will use a plate for my take-out veggie combo so as to dine and not merely consume.
how is that a prize? RT : night tweeps! Don't forget u can winc ur CLUB LEVEL seats for tomorrows finale (next to )
Season four, episode one of MAD MEN: first time we see Don fixing his hair. Moment felt a bit monumental to me.
I'm sure that'll be in a couple of weeks too
yeah dude, puts out some quality mixes :)
On my way to work
The Dean from Community just won an Oscar! Awesome!
#Ohioprimary a toss-up b/w #Romney and #Santorum as expected.
our show at on saturday has sold out as of last night. very limited availability at the door. hope ya'll got tix.
The Kingdom of God lies inside of you.
So I wasn't the only one who did that?! :D We should watch it one day and live-tweet about it!
From our 'Book of Lists': The pop. of Kendall Co. was 114,736 in 2010, up from 54,544 in 2000, making it the fastest-growing co. in the U.S.
Vlingo is weird.
Glad to hear you are excited for Substrata Fest!
Been in the lab all day......loyalty
Hey #Lebrick, your mom is licking her lips lookin at
|#quotes It is a pretty recognizable brand name. Originally it was "Jerry's Guide to the World Wide Web" but we settled on "Yahoo".
12 ft swell? Lets go surfing.
“: : when I was really young someone told me Biggie died cos he ate too much fast food &got stuck in a car” das Fuckd up LOL
ok Preshus don't get beside yourself
beadles forever !
jammin to some #blues and lovin it
Common #bulls!
that would have been pretty funny though.
": HYFR ;) I can't wait => ": nice pic boo" thx suga! Are u ready for our show tonight?”" Lol 4sho
50th anniversary submariner with the green face. Big hunk of change!
haha. Good man, in downtown for Gustavo Arellano's book signing! How are you?
he did it ironically/sarcastically in the same way Fader/Pitchfork love Lil B
I remember the day Williams got kicked off the team...I wondered why he was looking so down walking away from Conte when I spotted him
is it weird that i wanna touch
VERY COOL! ^JW
Great video! (and nice beard) :D
Hard to coach if you're going to have season tickets to all Badger bball games home and away for the next four to five years.
I feel real panicky & shakey :(
Mary T. Boyer is one of the best acting teachers in NYC!
Merely hoping for others' happiness on this pagan holiday celebrating the winter solstice, that's all. Not arrogant, not judging.
We're at my house, watching movies. You want to come? I think you might like my change of plans. You might actually want in ;)
Nerdy glasses make a guy look so much more sophisticated.
That Arizona game was FUN!
So my Spanish final might just be on verbs
Yes each state wants to protect turf RT : layers of regs hurt honest agents- doesnt stop crooked. missing something?
Former #Boston #Worst winner giving people lousy service. You mistreat employees & now lousy customer service
lmao! We will be drunk together :)
im a musician looking for music lovers
might be preseason acc favorite next year if Leslie stays
where there is a will there is a way i can't be stopped when i am focused a task
new song coming sooner than you think
best kind of gum: mint or fruit-flavored?
Ok twitter im sorry you know I love you<3
otayyy you're welcome!!!! :D
I made a G today, but I made it in a sleazy way.
I follow feeds on politics, writing, and travel, yet Snoop Doog keeps showing up at the top of Twitter's recommendations for me. Curious.
Its totally normal to cry when your sister gets engaged, right? YAY for FINALLY getting a BROTHER(inlaw)!!!!!!!!
You could check out www.findfundingmagazine.com for grant writing tips.
it sucks how i miss you and you don't give a shit :))))
Waiting at school, there's like no one here.
Yes, I'm that guy mixing Johnnie Walker Blue and Diet Coke.
AWW! I read Roald Dhal books I don't remember the first.
ABC moves Private Practice around like a stepchild it doesn't care about. Oh. Wait.
Community Impact Artist Honorable Mention Latifah Shakir
Maybe... Either way, you should definitely enter!
Q4 I use them with my hubby and he's even started trying more vegetables. Last week, it was artichoke!
Feelin the same way!
I think it's twitter. I'm experiencing the same thing on multiple accounts.
Hey come get on dis train wit willow Brittany
:O so jealous
USC Grad's Second Olympic Chance
Excited! #elbulli tonight! Never made it to the original, but trust will do an incredible job!
Upcoming show: Friday, May 25th in Mineral Point, WI. At Beezy's 9pm. (that's close to Iowa)
Rediscovering my obsession with Amy Winehouse's "Back to Black" album. #np "You Know I'm No Good"
Joe Negri along with Jeff Grubbs & Tom Wendt tonight at Jazz at Andys at the Fairmont Pittsburgh...7-10pm. Stop on by!
My sister in law is trying to start drama... irk...I am really far from home, and I have nothing to do with anything.
Then off to bed
Our last show revealed important genes information affecting diabetes, watch out for our podcast update tomorrow on www.voiceofdiabetes.com.
good morning beautiful;)
Broccoli Mashed Potatoes Sometimes the easiest way to get kids to eat vegetables is by pairing them with foods kids already like. Take th
Some people are so full of shit
Tonight will talk about Your Digital Afterlife 7:30 PM.
that would be hilarious I would never stop watching Disney if they did
can't wait to read the review!
I must have sat on a spider last night at work cuz I came home with 14 bites all within a 6 inch area on my hip. Itchy, itchy!
#Miami here we come!!! Cuban sandwiches, Cuban coffee, and my southern fam!!! Whoooohooooo!!! Thanks for the getaway!
My Old nigga MAD My new nigga GLAD but i dont know why imma dawg him like my LAST
And tomorrow we will have a lot of money .. -From where? -I bought the printer:-D
Celebrity apprentice is good entertainment.
Totes agree! : emma stone! i LOVE!!!!!! "it's purple and fuscia and there's an eagle"
Assembly concurs in SB 174, which closes the school voucher loophole created by the state budget, on a voice vote
": I want to see the finished product....whatcha making" hey lady I will soon!! :)
Happy first day of spring!
Can't wait to see and tomorrow!
How much Cheese you got in dem pockets?? So clean your ears out mayne,!,!,!
they're like the Jesus freaks of food.
it might be. I don't recall any analysis predicting a $122 day high
I would so totally name a pet after him! Not even kidding! If I get two of like a rodent or something I'll name one Paul and
I WANT A CUPCAKE!!!1
Okey Today At School Was Awesome I Got My First Client I Was So Scared But I Did It Im So Happy That I Think I Need A Drink lol
Don't forget to "Spring Ahead" by setting your clocks one hour forward. (There's a sermon in there somewhere...)
I know it was stupid, but I need to know... do you forgive me?
I'm using Web Tools session. Room 340 (via ) check that room 346
very cool!
What a horrible game!
FYI - Today I am going to break a mirror under a ladder while holding a black cat... Gonna be a good day!!!
To keep in the spirit, Happy Good
M*therf*cking mother gets on my nerves
Back in Potomac after a great week in Stone Harbor.
Teachers who understand what it means to be a student are the best teachers. Adora Svitak at
still...looking sweet!
just throw out a date and I'll hook it up.
I now remember why I don't like AAC evals.
Breaking: Qdoba now has Whole Wheat tortillas! :)
I have more!! Lmao whats up bro?
So happy for all the newly engaged couples out there (including my sister)!!!!!!!! CONGRATS! And let the #weddingplanning begin!
So much to do... So little time <U+0001F612>
No problem!
No Granger, No Hibbert, no problem. It's just Detroit.
everything is worth fighting for if you believe in it.
Time to head up to the roof top to catch some rays.
Going to watch a movie...Goodnight!
I love you too!
YOU LOOK GORGEOUS IN YOUR NEW AVI PIC GAGA! YES I WILL MARRY YOU lol
I frequently encounter cfscripting import statements to not work & I have to revert to the full CFC package name. Any hints?
youu guys know u are tagging me in ur conversations( im not trying to be mean) js idk if u are aware <3
#sevendeadlysins get sinful
actually I'm going to goldstein 1st. want anything?
took me legit 3h to find a background picture BELOW 800k (wtvrtf that means) -______-
Halloween Specials at Washington Restaurants
I'm good thanks and you? x
Hating everything is overrated.
Wait... Elijah Wood, Josh Hartnett, Salma Hayek, Usher, Jon Stewart, Jordana Brewster & Robert Patrick all in the Faculty?
my oldest son is turning into a little audiophile; he just got his first bose speakers...not a bad start little man, not bad at all!
YEA . IM SAYING
I'm gonna say it like its never been spoken!
RT - a great classic! “: If you liked The Artist, & Mr Bean...you should see Mr. Hulot's Holiday...you don't need to know French”
No rest for the wicked!! Immediately back into rehearsals for The Dames' Holiday Spectacular Exxtravaganza: "Naughiter & Nicer".
Got a black stripe. Mastered 3.5, hopefully judo next week.Attempting to convert Master to vegetarian. he's trying my recipes. it's a start!
Agreed. SPIN used to threaten RS in that department but not anymore.
Happy Monday Tweeps! Anybody have any good kitchen stories to share from this past weekend?
Drove home from work. Left garage door opener in office. Now must drive back to work during peak commute to get opener & drive home again.
protect yourself at all times
Good Morning #Seoul. Up for a productive day of meetings in prep for the #LatinFinance Latin America Korea Investors Forum #LAKIF in Sept.
Ack! Universal's live feed is down!
preparing for a 21st centurt Learning presentation
I lived at Sunset and Gardner... my old hood! Too bad I wasn't doing standup then... it's a place for it.
Oh your 20 years old, you must be so wise please tell me what life was like "Back in the day"
When ever I go to the Packer games I encourage the hottie cops to get a good feel ;) #sassy different the the airport though
WERE OPEN ON MONDAYS SALON/FULL BARBER SERVICE ComeOut #Oakland #Uptown 1738 Telegraph 5108321100 #Weave #HairCuts #MakeUp Too! --
Milwaukee is such a "small world" place and yet there are times when you look around and say "who are all of these people?"
shut up before I suck your di. I mean beat your ass
I LIKE TURTLES
It's that time again Millennium Disco $5 vodka cold beer and late nights w/ come get some Password=MegaMan
watching vampire princess on the #smithsonian channel archaeologic proof of real vampires #vampshift for the next 2 weeks
No one is at the mall<U+0001F612> #bored please someone save me!
Shiiiiit, #prom better be all that and more
I ain't supposed to be a boss, I'm supposed to be a enforcer! I'm supposed to hold a gun, not get stuck in the office!
love ur tweet
This isn't your standard box mac & cheese - try one of tonight's dinner specials the Bleu Steak Mac & Cheese w/choice of side salad or soup!
With a win, NYY tied the series with DET at 2-2. Final, elimination game will be on Thursday, October 6th.
When Justin screams "Take You HIGHERR" at the end of #TurnToYou > than anything I've ever heard.
I hit a lull with my car. Nothing happened.
Duke blew it! RT : Ugh. Say it ain't so. Say it ain't so.
Good god some drunk old lady just stumbled into me saying how cute I am. Feel so dirty
haven't seen it--I hope it comes here. Looks like an allegory for today's wars. Love Sayles and the cast, though.
Stop calling me!! Why can't some people catch a hint. Good God! Lol
Rooting for Toronto. Always had a good fanbase but not always a great team. That and watching LA falter is always fun!
RT : Follow our friends at ! We have a great deal with them on the horizon for a guided electric bike tour!...
Robert Mayer won the "Institutional" category at our #TitansofIT awards.
option-e and then the letter the accent should be over (so another e)
a wild guess! the WELL-DRESSED guy in the back!
Hey, follow back so I can DM you my info.
yes i am currently watching it
You're in NOLA. Buy a drink for one of your friends. Have a good laugh!
lmao molina!!!! im weak!! RT Get the F*** out the way with your under the speed limit limit driving a** IM LATE!!!!
What will you do FOR YOURSELF today?
"The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time." Bertrand Russell
plz folow me back plz i love you i would be happy if you did
Pickup Line: If you and I were Squirrels, I'd store my nuts in your hole
We're nearing 50 of our 110+ goal of raised garden beds here at Woot! Woot!
All the shirts I'm considering wearing show too much cleavage.
haha I see I see..yes you should let him out so he can see the new year
good luck! let me know when yiy get back!
if you knit every time Luke whines, you'll be done in no time.
During these elections, don't forget those running for San Diego Judge.San Diego Deputy DA Gordon Peed is the ONLY choice for his seat.
Driving through Austin, listening to NPR, drinking peace tea, wearing tevas
I know, I think I'll be digging out my summer clothes for the rest of the week.
Also, I turned 23 on Sunday. Probably the best bday I've ever had. I got to take a nap!
We will be running all over the place at this weekend so we will have guest tweeting along with
Realistically, no law is a law, just mere forms of mental enslavement. Free yourself from the laws you condemn yourself of
Watching episode re: superglue. Remembering 8th grade student I had who used it to glue his lips together.
bless her heart! Does she know that you just posted this graphic shot on twitter?!!! ha...
I saw a place in Buffalo years ago where the toilet was in the main living area with a 4' wall around it.
Exactly 2 months until my 21st birthday!
To lead people, walk beside them <U+FFFD> As for the best leaders, the people do not notice their existence
Anyone want to follow my second account? It's for Directioners(: if you want to its
Mall with
If I see Bruce Willis is one more movie preview I might shoot someone!! He was in 4 of 6 previews!!! WTF?!?!
I think the networks have a big part in that too.
Nature does nothing uselessly. -- Aristotle
Is there someone I can interview about SSHARC's work in the South Suburbs concerning HIV/AIDS?
That's newseum.
Excited to visit on my trip to New Orleans this upcoming week.
Get ready for game time! Where will you be watching the game?
It is amazing what research is finding out about the brain. Everyone may be able to read minds in the future.
just sad
If you want to annoy me, chew real loud like a cow.
For our fashion friends, who are some of your favorite designers?
We found strep in a throat less place
Wow that guy looks like Ben Stiller.
just laying down & talking 2 u & some other people on here :)
you did too! But obtuse you now. Ps lets lay out soon and get our tan on!
there was sauce inside the breading.Not sure what it was but it was tasty. Jamon Manchego sandwiches with truffles were crazy good.
You know I have NO love for ANY of these video whores. But if GOD FORBID that ever happened to them, I would pray for them.
Nobody knows what am feeling inside, I fined it so stupid so why should I hide, that i want to make love to you baby!
Now THAT is impressive.
If you do not have a Visa, a Green Card or citizenship in the US and are currently living in the country, you are subject to deportation
Alexa & her father have a fan here lol
isn't that the same thing for women??? Long time no talk. It's Mr Jeremy from Xroads!
the only thing I can see in my rearview mirror is me, hahaha.
Thank you!
spreading the love... i like your style, chandra
Good morning twitter!
Home from work which was a bitch. Fucking assholes who talk and don't do shit.
Follow upcomming rapper .
nice, haha!! How'd you even get up there??
I want justin bieber to follow me =(
i'll get back to you :)
yea at practice, aren't you going?
Track was pretty fun today !
right? But Samuel L Jackson looks good
Need more tuxedos
Yeah I'm a little drunk on you ..
Savings Tip - Lower thermostat on hot water heater to 120°F
LOVE that. Know where she got it?
Can't always judge a book by its cover. I was sure I'd pass on new King Tuff record but instead I was pleasantly surprised.
"We're trying to make the [college application] process more simple, transparent, and accessible." - President Caperton
= musical/lyrical genius! <U+E32D>
gotta fucking headache now...this dumb ass just opened the window on my damn head...stupid bitch.!
You are welcome! Thanks for making the time :)
#oomf told me I sing like usher.
Tell us what #summerart programs your org has planned! We want to hear all about it and #retweet it! Thnx.
Feel Like Giving Some Shoutouts... Who Want One?
after dinner let's braid each others hair like we're eleven but have big girl deinks
Happy hump day #chicago 2 days til the weekend? Have a birthday coming up? We would love to host it! DM us for party packages today! :)
Sometimes cramps feel like a horse trampling over your belly. This is one of those days. (>_<)
just can't keep a job!
I think it is time I linked up my facebook and twitter. Is this possible??
In my day, we'd watch our subpar SP go up against their Cy Young winner -- who pitched for us the prev. year.
I used to just be playin around when I said Chris Bosh sucked, but that nigga is legitametly terrible now
might go out tonight
Hello. I create stunning art for print, web, and branding. online studio: www.michaelcalixtro.com
"How the h___ am I supposed to make my teammates better by PRACTICE?!" RT : "We talkin' bout practice." - Allen Iverson
The teeter totters that could propel your buddy into the atmosphere? The metal-horsie swings that broke faces?
#21-James Harrison-OLB-Pittsburgh Steelers
me too what are you doing?
Subway is no longer cool with places like Jimmy Johns around
You said i'm tired of you sadly :c
Holy crap, yum... RT Lamb shoulder: Braised, cooled, fried. Blue cheese grits. Tomato jam. Thursday. Come and get it.
Ok, thank you.
If you have to look it up, you don't have it ": Swag: the third most-viewed word in our free dictionary last month"
Marlins Vs Mets ! Can't wait <U+26BE><U+26BE><U+26BE>
Always classy never trashy
A big thank you to everyone who has donated to Prevent Blindness America in honor of Mother's Day! Please continue to share your photos ...
Hammock time!
I think we dream so we don't have to be apart for so long. If we're in each other's dreams, we can be together all the time.
Grateful for life.
Just when I thought this show couldn't get more awkward...where did they find these men?
Did you ever notice when you blow in a dog's face he gets mad at you? But when you take him in a car he sticks his head out the window.
"Keep the heat on me, keep the heat" on congress, Obama told CHCI. "Lift up your voice." "Tell congress to do the right thing."
Why does spring always have to mean eye wholes swelling shut and my sinus cavities turning into mucus faucets?
I love you <U+0001F618> follow me?
Watching blood and bone on Netflix and it still looks like I am watching a copy of a bootleg
I don't suppose there's a twitter app that will lock/freeze your TL in one spot so as not to lose your place as you click links. :-(
The concept of YOLO isn't to go smoke n drink n make an ass of yourself! It's to go out and do something with your life that matters!
Just saw the previews from PALOMA's shoot for ATOMICA Magazine. You are going to LOVE.THIS. #film!
Waiting to hear what Jeff Bezos has to say about the new Amazon Tablet this morning.
you gone crazy
Don't call me Nancy.
Why isn't everyone watching Fringe so creative and excellent tv
i didn't mean to tweet you, sorry. only is invited.
Occupy Tucson holds food drive on downtown sidewalk - KOLD-TV Occupy Tucson holds food drive on downtown sidewalk KOLD-TV AP Entertainmen
I'm certain there should be somewhere nearby. Lots of bike racks in the Kendall Sq. area.
Don't battle with your child about food. Instead, commit to basic healthy ground rules and stick to them calmly & consistently.
Guelph researcher launches website to support people who self-injure
adgjlouhlkhfdawetyhgdd I'm bored.
so was Peyton. Qbs with swag are douches like Rivers Vince Yound and Brady
Cool ...Happy Easter :)
Smh i wasnt even on twitter nd C Miles was talkin about me !
"the pie was never in our table at all." Danny Park. Solution: "people of color need to unify."
Far from being an exact science.
hm.... I wonder who that was toward :/ #shade?
I havent fallen in love yet but when it happens i know im gonna fall hard.
this morning woke me by sitting on my shoulder, and "tapping me out"
In an airplane all day and I land to find there is a revolution in Egypt. What happened?
Join us tonight, 6pm @ O'Aces on Rainbow & Cheyenne for the 1st UFC fight on Fox. Heavyweight Champion Cain Velasquez vs. Junior Dos Santos!
Everything there is fantastic. I usually get whatever is on special. Great food and variety
Every year I try to reach goals I didn't reach the year before. My rise is a slow and steady one, but I'm rising nonetheless
Cadillac plans broad dealer, consumer support for infotainment system GM is taking a page from Apple's Genius Bar tech-support program as
Wow that's gay.
M&A Tip for Today~Ma sure to start the process of getting loan approval with your bank before you actually begin the due diligence process
Excited for the Colorado Teen Lit Conference today...great way to end spring break and get back in the swing of things. :)
HAPPY 4TH OF JULY!
that makes me so much happier than I thought it would ugh
lol there were some boring parts but I really just wanted to educate myself more about it
“: So can you like, stop putting your relationship on blast for twitter?” THIS.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SIS!
will let you know the next time we have Live music.
Not a hockey fan but I feel bad for the Caps fans. They played out of their minds the last couple months. Better luck next season.
Thanks Jen!! Us too.
This is going to be a long day-_ -
thanks :) ill follow back and welcome to the fam :)
RT : Mom lost boy. Found boy but wouldn't answer to name. Mom forgot to mention that week he would only answer to "Batman."
Ready for my Anti ACL gig!!! ATX here I come!!!
did they put crushed peanuts on ur strawberry cheesecake lol wtf? also as an aside i didn't enjoy fat greek, pita bread was awful.
Martin Luther King had a dream. What is your dream? Have you pushed it back? There is still time? If Yes = retweet; No = dismiss the tweet
I want to be every little thing that you want, that you need, that you breathe.
anyone else besides these groups #a11ybos, #a11ysea, #a11yldn wanting notes send e-mail to with subject "a11y camp notes".
benefits and drawbacks of backchannels at
Who's celebrating birthday tomorrow at Savoy!? No excuses there's no school or work! RT RT
“: Fuck Off Ma TL Wit All Dis Basketball Talk!” Go To Bed Then
follow me please? it d be amazing! you are amazing! please?(: aha my nails are purple!
nice! what did you get?
Hey Wisconsin and all those Packer fans so much for home field advantage. Let's go Manning!!!
Congratulations to our very own Dr. Owens for completing his first triathlon last weekend!
holler whenever cause you always gotta friend in me & nothing lasts forever least we got these memories .
People think life has to be this way, but w/ God, your life doesn't have to be. Dynamite message from
Nice to see the afternoon show taking joy in the Brewers woes.
Best fish fry I've had in a while. Gotta love
Sitting here once more doing homework I ready for finals next week... hyped about UK vs UNC
"When we exclude someone's #perspective, we lose an opportunity to gain #knowledge." -Dr. Andre M. Perry
I love Adam and Blake they are hilarious!:D
no plans on a friday night? come out to APCO for #SMWWDC on social media fatigue! preview: we will show a portlandia clip.
#moverslongisland working weekdays, weekends, holidays, even on the day the world ends! most reliable service there is!
I am so sad to hear this. :( ": Forest. Good question. Cannot reach him, myself. {: (miss him and worried."
The Sad Facts of Life
New place. New start. It's time.
hahah don't throw your back out
I literally just met Jesus on Sunset Blvd., and asked him about the Rapture. He said, "It sounds like horseshit to me. Watch TMZ tomorrow."
ok..so dont use hot water when washing ur face. Try using a cleansing cream vs a face wash.Pat dry, dont rub. Buy a humidifier!
My suzie is the BEST!!!! Love her
This summer better be as cool as the last
Look who is up at the ZOU
Just watched "Chronicle". Not bad apart from the teen aspect to it. Nice to see familiar Seattle places :-)
Hello, how are you all ?
ops not mc conrad but my homeboy who had a heart attack.
It's bad. I have switched to Chrome. Firefox is even worse - the Exxon Valdez of memory leaks.
Hey Everyone, be sure to join us for our last Actors' Lounge of the year next week. Wednesday, December 7, 2011 at 8:30pm.
tiring just watching the okc/memphis game
Damn, thats real
Who wants to win some free tickets to our next show?! :o
Thank you so much! “: I voted for you at lunch today!! GOOD LUCK!”
Damn I'm getting fat
Officially received my first payment. I'm a Real Blogger now ;)
Mexican food in Bethesda. Hm.
need to book u 4 a tv show
I can't bro these guys are ridic
She is so doable!.
On adapter #3 myself. FYI they only fall under a 90 day warranty.
Tebow does it again! Im now 3-1 for the week not bad ;)
yeah, theres another video. I need to retire.
Funny, has Beerfest on right now... In honor of #pcbw?
I get so many followers from topless tuesdays on tumblr.
sick where is the show?
They did it on their own. They essentially opened up the feed that was running the results on their page.
Live out of your imagination instead of out of your memory. – Fortune Cookie
I withdraw my vote and second this.
I really hope you can :)
NASHVILLE: Tommorow! *TWITTER TUESDAYS: STAR MODELS & BOTTLES NIGHT* EVERYBODY FREE TILL 11P/$5 TILL 12A! <Please RT*
Vegan place by work offers "native bacon", neither bacon nor native. Appeals to recent/hopeful vegans, I'd imagine. Effective strategy?
The start of something great! I have some ideas that I think you will enjoy, I'll send them over soon.
WTF is a Good Friday? Obv they named it thus because The Brewers open up 162 games of awesomeness today.
how are the birth control splint doing?
RT if u like the pic i just tweeted !!
Thanks for all the RTs!
I know about that #IcanRelate >> RT : Another day, another dollar. Oh, and the freezing temperatures of the Midwest
Now playing nsync "bye bye bye"!!
Today is one of those days where I just need to walk away from the computer...
I like to think i am 1 of a kind. So please, dont rain on my parade;)
Smoking that #Supersonic, that #Gary Payton
thanks Jon, I thought hard about them so that means a lot to mean :-)
I appreciate that Christina is covered up today.
Thanks for reaching out! You can get #LoveCrunch in #Chicago coffee shops and on our website! KIT
. I think we might need to brainstorm on the right hashtag for getting Marc on twitter?
Mid way through the game. Score stil TOR: 2-0. Adam called for tripping and the #Marlies are back on the PP.
I want a baby wolf...
There are 5 primaries on the #GOP side, and ALL of them are meaningless. We know Romney will win them all, but by how much?
Worst nightmare for Elway: Hightower picks off Manning for game-winning TD in playoff 1st round. Tebow trucks Hightower to beat NE.
Ok, I admit it, I thought I was out of the boy band phase, but how can you resist dancing to "Glad you Came" by The Wanted? Try & resist...
LOL! Seems the cray is catching... Rick has lost his mind!
Did you know? Energizing foods are rich in complex carbs, protein, antioxidants, fiber, vitamins & minerals.
hows Nancy Grace still have a show..didnt she base her whole thing on tot mom..that didnt work out
Following my heart. Doin my own thing. Don't need nobody. I'm independent. Imma stay that way until I find someone that deserves me!
i think #hologram tupac was better than real life tupac...
RT : Music is more than making sounds, it's taking the sounds already being made and making sense of them.
show was awesome
: Ah! I have plans, but want to hang with you and AM really soon. Let's make it happen.
Royalty statements? Are you feeling well?
The black guy always dies first, the red shirts always die first. The exception to these rules......Fat Albert.
We decided that cast member looks like Steve Buscemi, but is much better looking.
a little early to talk trash
didn't know, wasn't gonna ask for all the net to see. have friends who live and asked me to come visit. Thought about moving!
Argh! Was trying to wait to play that game until the price dropped. However, I am being drawn inexorably towards that game.
thankfs for the #FF! Enjoy your weekend!
Great run in the
Don't let your past affect your present. The past cannot be changed, erased, edited, or forgotten, it can only be accepted.
The digital files transfer continues!
Thank you. :)
Ditto. RT I miss
awesome,I'm Erin by the way!I was thinking either point loma or del mar!In terms of date,was thinking nov19 but totally flexible
thanks Melissa! Missing my middle daughter but her brother & sis are here. It'll be a great day. Merry Christmas!!
That's what she said.
So you gave him access to your outdoor outlets, of course :)
I have the most kickass and cool mom out there #shesthebest... Spending all day with her doing what we love to do, shop!
Didn't get the White Stripes record I wanted, but I got an early copy of Blunderbuss and a whole bunch of great records!
When a boy opens a car door for his girlfriend; one thing is for sure, either the car is new or the girl
Yeah exactly - ballet studios but not many classrooms. Does that Raphael painting count?
Up bright and early. Big day today. Time to launch another business. It feels good to offer a quality service and put 3 people
#occupywallstreet in over 840 cities - somehow this is unorganized - yet another blind corporate eye
no matter if ppl try to bring up.my past n hold it against me I KNOW Christ has tranformed my life n I am a new creation!
. describing the challenge of reliably pointing to something that is changing over time (like a county)
This weekend is Art in the Pearl and the sidewalk sale. If you're looking for something to do come on over to the Pearl and check it out!
I'm coming over cause I nearly froze this afternoon. Let's talk about shrinkage shall we!
Morning ppl <3
wish you would've came!
The whole show was spectacular, I thought, particularly Set II. Arrangements were ingenious and unexpectedly Jimmy Webb-ish.
Haven't heard much about
The report on stop & frisk is terrifying. I knew the issue & thought I knew the extent of it. Before I was mad. Now I'm outraged.
You know the US economy is in bad shape when Starbucks starts closing stores!
Anonymous Goes After World Governments in Wake of Anti-SOPA Protests
I love retro uniforms....but the Brewers are taking it a little over the top tonight
That didn't answer my question you whore.
RT Watching Sanford FL city council mtg. Sharpton, Jackson, etc all speaking, getting crowd all worked up. >aka telling the truth
lol well thanks :) I was going to vote for you, but I suppose there are a ton more photographers too!
we're the best there is.
back from the rivanna trail with sore feet and happy dog
Was it giggly or annoying? I seek eye-rolls from girls who know I'm proud.
How did you get it?
Packers whooped on the Vikings 45 to 7 :D
Night all! Sleep well!
Great day so far lots of animals are out today
Do you keep the tags on or off? i know you do sometimes to your hats...
I guess I never really loved you :( </3
What is one of your marketing goals for this year?
Really glad to have and in the studio all the time these days. Great group of Mpls guys
It's only Tuesday and I am exhausted and ready for the weekend!
lol bait? y r u fishing
RT : M, Fez tea from always reminds me to pause and just enjoy its deliciousness
I know! :( We had a big event we were covering the next day that needed prep work done that night.
Do people roller blade there? I used to love roller blading back in the day.
Nets are on Dwight's list. Wouldn't that be the Nets plan? DWill and Howard?
Wow. I'm pretty sure I would've wet myself if that happened, lol.
Problems faced with codependency
RIP field mouse. You were a cunning and worthy adversary, I salute you.
that was embarrassing...
Has arrived at #cis2011 in lovely Keystone CO.
The promo for the Saints - Packers game got me thinking: Green Bay and New Orleans couldn't be any more different if they tried.
you got it my g...keep making that heat $alute.
you know it! Although a beach front evening in Charleston, SC sure sounds good!
Great museum app:“: Props for great content by in Infinity of Nations app family guide! #mw2011 #simobile”
Shakira, Pitbull among social media’s favorite Latino musicians, finds study
gasol and bynum play like they did today and its a wrap for
I think my 20lb purse may have finally broken my shoulder today. Time to unpack a few things.
Everyone loved Year 3000 and Burnin' Up.
It doesn't seem quite normal yet, just gotta keep keeping on though!
so I'm just now watchin this 2012 dunk contest...the phrase "time wasted" HUGE UNDERSTATEMENT
Thinking about applying rdg st focus wall to my math instruction to make a math focus wall
took him a drive to settle down but I fully support the change.
Cant wait for The NBA Playoffs This SAturday and Kell Pavlik vs Sergio Martinez this Saturday
Fake Vs. Real Lets See Who Will Win
Would love to not be working right now...
damn. I don't have that channel
RT Pretending not to care but actually wanting to cry. :/
for the hour of choir practice that I was there for, it was AWESOME :)
lucky for you, i made a new batch last night~
Memphis my bad its 7am and I am on a bus
I wish I woulda gone with you guys instead! Like I hadn't seen this friend in years so I went with her and it was bad
Is it me or does Jeremy Kyle's accent when he insults his guest make you wanna punch him in the mouth! I cudn't go on that show!
Fallen Captive with Pierce the Veil Miss may I and Woe is me. December 7th at Peabodys in Cleveland, Don't miss out!
Annual meeting happening now at the Carnegie Building. Chair Julie Koczela- making greetings and remarks.
Sad, but you speak the truth. Wish he would lose.
ooh, good idea. thanks!
woke up hype
your life was seeking the law. i'm glad we were able to share it with you. :-)
Internet Show Topic:Tues. 3-1-11: 5 Reasons Black Women Can’t Save Money, go to www.Drrosie.com from 10to-11AM PCT
Had wonderful news writing workshop at the Clarion office today. A big thank you to all that attended, can't wait for your news stories!
Fuck it i am done workn out, i dont like it when legs feel like jello
ah. Your tweets say sent via Twitter for iPhone. Hence the confusion.
dont be upset their lives is more INTERESTING then your!!! PUSSY!!
I'm a member of team #linsanity jersey please?!!
man, just PMO
its okay I thought you hated me because Brea and I arent friends anymore
I swear to god if fucks Skype up one more time, I'll never let him dress my future kids up like pandas! #
I'm with When I'm really into something I subscribe via email, not RSS; comes to my inbox if I remember or not
Come celebrate #EarthDay! Write your #EarthDay pledge on our store window and get a free seed packet to plant! Today and tomr 12-4pm!
RT : RT : Spalter: #spectrum crunch driven by consumer habits and demands.
wHO WAS THE 100TH LIKER PLEASE COMMENT I WOULD LIKE TO GIVE YOU A SHORT STORY/IMAGINE! ~ASHLEY
I think they're really overrated. Basically an eclair. Don't get the Chicago fascination.
RT : It was great to see you this morning at #smbseattle [Jenni, I'm *jealous* I haven't seen Rod in ages!]
#sfeng252: Final exam grades have been posted to the Blackboard Grade Center.
r u serious???!!!! WOw LOVE you cuz
I should add, shaky, out my sun roof video. The roads were a mess. Tons of people pulled over to watch.
have u seen the singer of Allstar Weekend in Just Left's music video?
I don't give a shit about super 8
Not Fond Of Establishing Relationships With People Only To End Up Cutting Them Off In The Future
it's just a tilly's status saying you could win a gift card at the tacoma store if you say why tacoma rules
silly bananas!
Gravity hurts.
Where is my job listing? "Wanted: Smarmy self-important asshole with no marketable skills"
we need to do some work together brother I always wanted to do gospel!!!!!
to many chances.. eventually no more chances given :/
(And the first, quick Security scan I did brought up nothing. Doing a full scan now...)
Had my first #tsaprecheck. Reminds you how different things were 10 years ago.
they the first tweets
get that tatt game up
Sounds great! and I would love to do lunch soon!
Fuck off, legends like Dustin Hoffman don't make shows for ratings !
Re: "sportswriter doesn't play game, ergo can't comment." That specious argument needs to be named, a la "Godwin's Law."
I was ready to get out of my college town, and was born and raised in Madison.
Congrats on your recent #BestofBoston I caught your cute commercial with Eric Roseff this weekend too!
Why am I up this freakking early?
yea. Shes changing her sleeping schedule so that's good.
Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves." James Barrie
good lookin on the shout out homie.
Happy Late Tanning Mothers' Day. May your skin be doo-doo brown and feel like leather.
Who is your Favorite Villian?
Stella's Diner, founded in 1962, is now featured as a vintage restaurant on the #domu Chicago History Map!...
RT :Just a friendly reminder...filmmakers and casting directors. PLEASE state whether your casting is for union or non union!
r u serious? Look what I resp
Let me know what you find out Miss Florida!
"I am free from condemnation." (Romans 8:1) #thatswhatHEsaid Wednesday, March 14
Sat had snow, quiet, rest. Mon to have new outline Scags at 30
So mentally tired but hoping to power my way through Zumba tonight
How did you like my show?
#imagine walking on the boardwalk with Austin, holding hands & he's shirtless. <3
hey tell me why it's 12:55 am on a school night and I'm trying to get noticed by you lol #itsamahomiething :)
Open the Shelby.tv app, then double-click the button to reveal your phone's open-apps menu.
we host a Rays watch party every game...come check us out when in town...new hot spot for locals! GO RAYS!!!
So one of the Roman Reloaded songs played at a gay bar last night.....you were right.
See you over there soon i hope
would love to see Teen Titans team run by Beast Boy, guess I'll have to enjoy the TT Finale
The legend of Brooks Conrad starts tonight?
- that, like, ANYWHERE in L.A. It sparked my mother and I talking about how big of a toolbox the guy is. Bonding time!
Looking for music I've never heard. Time to step away from 4/4 time, tonality, & equal temperment for a little while too. Any suggestions?
Canadian suit
thanks! what up?
Me? But I'm just a little girl who'd rather wield a sword than meet a prince. I would never!
Still sad we can't get heavy seas brewery beer in our keg at Good thing my house has no such limitation.
damn! They are making money!
Success speaks louder than words... Move in silence and let your actions do the talking...
Let me know what you think!
We've fallen on some hard times!
what flavors are you going to make?? Let me know if you want some suggestions....
That district has seen some turn over. Will be interesting!
Do the think all women r like that!?
Tosa had a house fire earlier @ 2409 N 63, 1 smoke victim. Nothing going on now, just waiting for
well said Zach!! Well said!! Thank you for saying that!! ..bri
wow thanks! So humbled.
Teacher: "Turn off your phone!" yeah right, like that's gonna happen. *Puts on vibrate*
Using the Monterrey Bay Aquarium seafood app to pick dinner at SeaChange!
Lego nerds are awesome.
Off to bed early. Half day of school tomorrow so i get out at 10am baby then at 2pm getting BRACES OFF
oh it's up there AND out there
Trog! The monkey that works with the calliope player in the park is out of work! We have to help him find a job! --Clay
THE DRUGS NEVER WORKED THEY'RE GONNA GIVE YOU A SMIRK
You have to out and see if she says anything..
You think y'all kickin?? Well boi we puntin, young money man we the shit.. weak stomachs. Hahaa
Can't stand no closer than 10 feet to someone because you smell from cleaning stalls and brushing horses.
I don't see the problem...
Miserable End scheduled live recording in Hollywood Saturday Feb. 18th 2012 !
yes/no? Their 'low Eb' has a picture with a design of a 'low C' BClar...call them and their are not sure how to clear up. :-/
right back at you, Annette! Enjoy your day!
The End is always a Begining.
Mental Supreme & The Training Camp Showcase Presents: "The Ultimate Underground Artist Showcase" - Grand Prize $5,000, 2nd $1,000, 3rd $500.
yes! i probably come here sunday and then i can talk you like all day i guess? but i let you know sweetie<3
For those who have owned the iPhone 4 and then got the iPhone 4s. Are you glad you switched? Is the 4s better than the 4?
Lookin for a receptionist for the barbershop get at me
Warped tour '11 was amazing! Got to go backstage with the best fucking band ever THANKS A MILLION for doing that!
My smart objects are starting to feel like Inception. Editing a layer inside a smart object inside a smart object.
SO WHACK!
whoa , so observant. Name is for a black racist named theron cal on twitter Picture is my new beard. Like?
- that is why I was kicking myself today. Granted last year's 6 hours down was there fault - this one is not.
Just got back from church. Hung out wit my best bud 4 life Jake
You do not have a problem that surprises God. God has a plan for you and you're going to make it!
Did you know a Monitronics monitored security system could save you 20% off your homeowners insurance? Ask your agent if you qualify.
I am so dumb, how can I complain about anything when I am so blessed. I can not be selfless.
KC area, Overland Park to be exact but we had girls from all over the metro. Again, this was 10-12 years ago :)
Tebow will throw for at least 700 yards today and then he will ride home in an alien spacecraft.
etch daz time on the sides of your head to prove dedication. Otherwise you're just playing kiddie games.
YES PLEASE!!!!! <3 and i dont have my phone but il tex u off of jakess phone! ily!
Pissed you can't tweet me
Jocelyne Daw will be signing her book "Breakthrough Nonprofit Branding" from 4-5pm today!
Welcome :) MT : Any hope this week would be less hectic than last vanished 5 min after arriving at the office
TX Ethics Filing HD-75 - Hector Enriquez has received 15% of his money from PACs compared to 69% in PAC funds for Mary Gonzalez
#IThankGod that he is my way maker time after time after time after again.
What if we judged ourselves by what we do in our free time?
Happy Birthday to my girl <3
Just want to say that it took me a YEAR to find that through circuitous googling.
Ends of weeks are tired.
el spicy if you like chicken the double stack if you like beef. All the salads are great too!
Amazing how much u can learn/get hooked in a very short pitch when it's good - tip: walk audience through user exp, clearly state issue
Now the dumbfucks are calling $GWBU the next $LEXG. Why the hell do you guys always do that? It's not even the same pumper!
doing dishes, entertaining cats, going out to for lunch, twittering the afternoon away - yes, it's #procrastination!
hope you have alot of duct tape!
Reporter: Do you think you can guard them? Kobe: No. #KobeNotKnownforGivingAnyFucks I don't even like him and I died laughing.
I am a Celtics fan & you know we feel about Lakers.
to the tea party, Pres Obama is "Gangsta". 4 more years
#raw10 ur Ghetto: when u have money, ur never hungry, buy everything except Food. But be broke is when im Hungry, asking 2 use your EBT card
Okay, let’s nail this down once and for all: What is the exact definition of a Hipster?
How did I miss the start of season 2?! Thank God for #onDemand!
Blue-shirted volunteers from Chesapeake are at Positive Tomorrows helping us get ready for school next week! Way to go Operation Blue!
I hear you. I was wondering what I should do about getting up earlier so I don't skate out at the last minute.
Damn it, I love my life.
I mean.. I might learn how to spell it one day
What I caught of the webinar (Q&A) was really good! :) Will have to watch the rest on replay later this week. Congrats!
Coffee-flavored yogurt is disappointingly gross.
Giants in an unbelievable performance upset the Packers!
Well they have been on Twitter, actively asking people who comment here to post on the blog itself.
as in bread? or pastries?
I would shave my head or cut off a finger for some ice cream and a brownie right now. Seriously.
The power of the P-U-S-S-Y That's why every mutha*ucka in the world dress fly...lmao
I had a friend once blurt out Vagina when she used expensive film for a not so worthy of that film pic. You two rock! lol
I only fuck wit women doin sumthin for themselves too! I dont want no free loadin leech as pussy! U dig!
As long as Taco Bell is involved at some point, I believe you're good.
#BasicQuestion: Twitter behavioral scientists, when dealing with collinearity, how often do you regress on principal components?
Still, the fact remains that many people continue to engage in this self destructive habit
Hoes send naked pics n txtin me they wanna suck me but wanna talk shit lmao ok
should be a chef. Roasted broccoli in terriyaki/soy/sesame oil = sar's new fave!
Ah! I am going to miss Pretty Little Liars! ) ' : Can't wait for the next season!!
Obama mentioned Vladimir Putin "the new Russian president" as if we didn't know who Mr. Putin was...
Something came up. I have a teleconference this evening with co-workers in India about a server move. I catch you another time.
Tonight! "It's About That Time" with HOT CLUB OF DETROIT 8pm & 10pm sets www.TwinsJazz.com
I'm a dreamer and dreaming is what I do
Enjoy your holidays! We'll be back in the office on Tuesday, December 27th.
#NF ** Super Fly Tights and Bodysuits
I love that pic with the monkey. Please follow back. Thank you <U+2665>
My mind is a weapon, what I needa pop a clip fo '
If they add any more spring sports at Canby, I might just cry a little. 12 spring teams (!!) RT : Canby don't sleep
wait why dont she want you to go?!
Hope I can see NeverSayNever before it leaves the theaters. I'd go with a group of friends, but they already saw it (x10) =]
Still got it lol
Geez, RD, importance is a narcissistic illusion. MT : Reassuring 2 c that as big & important as NYC is there's still shitty art shows.
Thanks for the follow - keep in touch as you need resources!
The antidote to the feeling of being overwhelmed, which is one of the main causes of stress, is to just do the next thing.
yotes = some of the top young talent in the league, how else could they make playoffs 2 yrs in a row with no-names?
way to freaking go North Carolina.
Hey all! There's still time for and 1/2 price martinis at the Scholars Inn!! We hope to see you there.
thanks for the RT!
Ok I thk its time to roll up n put some in the air.....:-)
IT'S OFFICIAL. WE WILL BE MARRIED
#Super8 or so I've heard is good, I will check it out soon.
haha! I love you Lux!! I am sure loves you too. He better!!
oh I will I got a month to perfect my twerking. Haha
you're the man Joey Diaz!
I don't think that's been established...I will create one :)
It will be more exciting to announce it at
:D d'aww
#ThatAnnoyingMoment when you're trying to do your school work and your grandmas next door neighbors dogs won't shut up....
cool song "Caught Up"
This might be first year that #Milwaukee officials sweat over room in the budget for gas in lawnmowers as opposed to salt for snow plies.
agree - Lil Rounds lost her mojo a while ago - too bad, she has a really good voice. I predict it will be Danny and Adam at end.
Laibach are old skool Austrian anti-fascists
Have a safe Fourth of July, America. By pointing all of the flying explosives at Canada. /via
Happy New Years Twitter! Let's hope for good things in 2012 :)
U think they sound alike? Maybe a little...
what's good son you see Fraz get robbed on that hit just now
Glad to be back after a week. Hope all our friends on twitter have been well
except Luke Perry
Would you like to come in Bulgaria/Europe
same here
Power Profile: Amber Yang: via
I'm mad my mom just forced me to get up by hitting me with a pillow <U+0001F612><U+0001F612>
Happy Fish Fry!
"Seven" with Brad Pitt and Morgan Freeman! Scared the ish outta me
Wordpress.com DDoS Attacks Primarily From China, Possibly Politically Motivated
Some coldstone sounds amazing right about now:P
Jeff Mangum is spindlier than I'd imagined, but even lovelier than I could have dreamed.
I hope everybody enjoyed their Thanksgiving day! Now it's time to get ready for Black Friday!
huh, I wasn't sure that was actually animal product in my animal-flavored Ramen. Good to know.
RT New Mexico: Facility focus: TV News: State's stage count spikes w/ addition of Santa Fe Studios -- State's sta... bit.ly/ona4hK
That'd be the one. I'm just glad no one asked me what it meant.
anybody tryna give me a shoutout!! ill give you one back!
oh my grande SAME! the world is so mysterious and i have so many Qs that have prob have no answers to! love u ariana!<U+2665>
AMAZING hit!
People on coke have a lot in common with people that I don't like.
excited to begin the REDI program with Colorado next week! We'll be working in the 5points, where I grew up!
Check out The best ppt to iPad tool out there.
way to go girlfriend!!
I'm really glad I didn't impulse-buy GameCenter tonight to watch
EMS grind has Etta James radio playin via pandora. For. The. Win.
There are times when I feel as though my smile, or my kindness is taken for granted.
Twitter is just always fun .
please follow she sends u like million messages a day please follow her much love
Women are supportive by nature. We don't We want a promise and a plan that it will get better
Thanks to everyone for the love and support:"Without You" Apache Chief feat. Denny Love on iTunes!!
#GirlsShould have more respect for there selves
Poker is the Devil's game.
hot damn! it'll be the most exciting thing that's happened during this whole storm extravaganza
Drinkin wit my niggaz wil I ever get to see anther sober Saturday agin hmm prolly not ha
It was nice having a conversation with engaged adults who weren't incessantly checking their phones.
Sup twitter homie
Omg all I can say is God is good all the time.
yeah it looks good have a good nite big/little brother Almightee : )
I am finally leaving the hotel! conference officially over, only a few more video posts to upload before the real fun begins...
He has risen! He has risen! HAPPY EASTER!!! God Bless you all!!
What did you think?!
RT if you are going to the International Sportsmen's Exposition!
None but ourselves can free our mind from mental slavery.
#MSNBC missing forest from trees re #Trump endorsing #Romney - means Trump won't run 3rd party if Mitt wins nom.
I cant go to sleep
Best Christmas Ever! Yesteday I Met Bella Thorne!!! :)
Seems like I'm always trying to feel a void, especially since my daddy passed away in 2009 :(
(1) Wanted to give it time and see if maybe I changed my mind, (2) Yes. Meh. (3) Enumerators always seem a little OCD to me.
Back at Inked getting my tattoo finished! Gahh I can't wait for it to be done.
Library robot tour this Thursday (and every 3rd Thursday) at 3:00. RooBot tours convene at 1st floor service desk, Miller Nichols Library
okayy thank you!(;
Frostbite tomorrow #excitedd #TERROROVERRISING #sosick i love the GARAGE
So glad you enjoyed it! Hope to see you back at the Treehouse soon!
I ran at leasr 100 ft. And got super tired... Thats sad.
me :D
You can purchase it now on iTunes, CDbaby, or at the church!
Thanks for the follow, too. So kind of you to mention ;)
driving thru Cleveland. might as well listen to my boy mgk
yep! is there an easy way to pull this into reports?
just got ur vm. on my way to #novacowork now. you there today? if not, i'll give you a call.
had to do it :) " #3words you'll never hear: LET 'EM LIVE" -
EWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!! O.O
Watching Stephanie the champion grocery bagger from Larry's Piggly Wiggly in Kaukauna on David Letterman! Awesome!
your body is amazing by the way. :)
I read about this... 1 year ago... and soad's song is talking about this... it's holy mountains... :D
- Thanks for the RT doll! Email me, might be able to use looks for hot new music video next wk! Xox
Can I get a RT! - Go to creativemitigation.com and tell us about cool public outreach, interpretation, and creative mitigation projects!
So excited for you & your Mr.!!! GOD IS GOOD!!
I am burning up in Angel Fire.
Everyone should follow !!! Her tweets are on point lately!
It's not actually Friday but ICDS students only have class Mon-Thurs, so kind of! #FF DePaul colleagues and
Good! : haha I will!
I like working in small, concentrated, intense blocks of brilliance.
I cold show him you pic when I am up there in AUG if you want.
I know we shouldn't have yielded to temptation but when the waiter at Lavo brought us fried Oreo donuts...
Forgot that school started at 9 and i still dont kno what im still doing up
So happy not to have another live tweet tonight. That 6+ hour meeting Monday night almost killed my fingers ;)
Nina Simone's signature tune, "My Baby Just Cares for Me." Did you know it was written for the 1930 musical... fb.me/1fGDe8IqE
i know
has spoken RT Bonnen is motivaited to win alone and not like the other races in the sprint. #mentalpower. ... it gonna happen
Arguing about Literature with He is winning.
I mean, I don't know. I assume it's terrible because Gwyneth Paltrow is in it...
At the park with my cousins !! There hilarious!
Ideas are flowing on water! #bigtime sales coming soon.
What's your favorite thing about the #Indy500 ?
Aww. My grandma made me a blanket for my graduation present!!:) <3 her!
did somebody find them already!?
Vt man celebrates a century with beer, belly dancing - WCAX
Officially obsessed with the '20s
I'm sorry, but it would be impossible for us to hear you over the UT songs being blasted in this bar!
hate that I missed the Vegas trip. I can't make Wednesdays game b/c it's earlier. But Billups, Jesse & the boys got ya covered
you're welcome hunn !
Thumbs up.
I love teen mom!!!!!
S/O to all the
what up girl(:
Feel very honored to be here. RT With listening to the spiritual teachings of NYC :)
i got like 5 videos to upload
Your prospects come to you with skepticism. Some reason for not wanting to buy. Find it and dispel that reason.
NICE! LoL RT : Govt report says 41 million US workers are sleep deprived. Finally, an actual problem 4 yrs of #MittRomney cld cure
people add stupid things to songs all the time on there
“: I HAVE to go to the Luke Bryan concert this summer” IS THERE ONE?!?
The entries are in: 9 films by area teens about their lives, which may be true or made up. They premiere this Thurs at 7 at
Are you a Maintenance Technician or know someone who is in Indy? I've got a job for you. DM or email
yeah, forced advert for sure. Would love to know the media plan rationale for that...hopefully, it was added value.
“: Both and pick to make it to #ZouOrleans. #Mizzou”
I just saw a car with a mustache... #Win :)
#Mavs-#Heat, again ... dumbest basketball fans in the country on both sides.
I realized I haven't been tweeting much lately. I am sure all my followers have been wondering the same thing! Don't worry folks I'm back!
sup dun son
what about me? Nevermind. From Pennsylvania. I always forget! Ah!!! ;)
Why do you think it was about you?
yup! must be losing all my hair and clogging the drains.
MKG if he's still available. Does more things well than the other two and has a champion's work ethic.
follow our girl she's a supporter and a straight diva, just like you :)
Great wine, big glass, filled to the top for $4 ... On 5th ave!
PBO - Cut deficit by $4 T? GOP - NO! PBO - Jobs bill, fix infrastructure? GOP - NO! PBO - Give 45 million health coverage? GOP - NO!
I won the internet
Someone should talk to me.
Anyone. Thanks for the response!
no go away and you shut up and fuck off thans loviie
Damn everyone if someone got me sick!
All inclusive? Does that mean we get free booze?
at Rouses
my namde is brandee and im a stay home mommy and i'm doer!!!
"Did grizzly Adams have a Beard"
like your new icon. Good pic.
If I had a nickel for everytime I heard "why is dwade taking that last shot?! Where is Lebron?!" I'd be rich sports are too stressful for me
no i dont like you i just hate her
nice, nice.
what's up boo
I was celebrating #420 before it was a thing.
Happiest folks in arena.... The walk on's who are lacing up the boots as they say in the Wrestling world!!
lmao it was great, rose. And don't cry, ho, I'll try calling you this weekend! <3 and
The worst outcomes often come from the best intentions.
Tavern Downtown::Sunday Thru Tuesday ALL DAY SPECIALS! Large Pizza $10—$8 Nets 13 Wings—4 Classic Sliders for $4...We are the proud Fan...
Never, never be afraid to do what's right, especially if the well-being of a person or animal is at stake.
Log on to WVIP or tune in to 93.5 FM as I am being interviewed right now!!!!!
Merry Christmas!
the song is really nice and i made it in a studio this would like this song hopefully ull see this !!!!
down for whatever as long as I dont have to throw 100 for a bottle #nohardliquor for a while rest 4 vegas
One in five male Americans may suffer from ED
I used to always play mages in DND. Ever play any White Wolf games?
Heading to ? Its the time to invest in some new sweet SABRE shades. With a few new styles to choose from, you'll look god
Bronx pizza for dinner. So glad they finally started delivering.
your co-captain is ready and on standby with a bottle of O.T.
Join us for Storytime at the Tutt Branch on January 25th at 10:30am for children 5 and younger. Call 282-4637 for more information.
Kelly Clarkson is a good singer sometimes I never even think about listening to her and then when I do I think she is
Good luck.
Ima punch your tarantula face Haha
All Your Musca Are Belong To Us
So ididnt go on the date but im with the guys
thx Alex, good looking out. (I was following that one too, but event site listed the longer one.) And thx again Yochai.
slayerS wins np.
“What you can't imagine, you can't discover.” -- Albert Einstein
Essentially, our objective would be to organize the world's information and to make it universally accessible and useful.
F.A.I.L.= first attempt in learning
yea - he was a jerk.
Bitches out here sayin they cuffed but aint gotta ring on they finger..
": perfection is not flawlessness. perfection is wholeness."
Thanks for the RT. Hope you have a wonder-fuller Friday!
Let's go fly a kite up to the highest height. Let's go a fly a kite and send it soaring.
Yeah, he's pretty solid. What makes him potentially valuable is he can also punt.
The HS2 page include a Google Map image without attribution. This is a copyright violation. You could use OpenStreetMap instead.
Trust me, I know what I'm talking about :) Good luck!
yes! ahaa! me, you, & Franny should hang!
Dear , as you should be. Also, be prepared to have a long strew of freshmen dying to have you in class. I've taught them well.
Nicole Kidman and Aaron Eckhart! - SAG screening of Rabbit Hole tonight :-)
BHRT is not just for women! Hieber’s compounds a variety of preparations to treat Andropause in men. Call 412-681-6400
Tom Shaw Trio & 2011 Cabaret Showcase Showdown finalist (and SF newcomer) Norman Vane perform at Martuni's on Sat. 1/28 at 7pm.
how long on saturday? lol
Nobody ever made me feel this way I must stick with you
It's #lodgeme Fridays!!! Patron bottle give away at 12:30
The Agave Harvest
The things y'all tweet me makes me <U+0001F633><U+0001F633><U+0001F633><U+0001F632><U+0001F631>
why is Brandon Jennings Re-tweeting an article about his future with the I'm a little worried.
sINGE'd
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-35
You got it MY N-WORD!!!
Over 1000 followers on twitter now! Thanks everyone.
For 30 year fixed mortgages, there is a clear line of demarcation between 4.625% and 4.75%.
Join the Portland #PDX Social Network and Share Events at www.Facebook.com/ThingsToDoinPortland - Your place to promote local events!
We're gonna do what lovers do, we're gonna have a fight or two. But i ain't ever changing my mind <3
if its wrong to love me I don't want you to be right!
yep. My parents live across the street.
What did I get myself into?
Today, I'm the girl in the office with the squeaky shoe; this is unfortunate.
Looking forward to the next celebration of awesomeness with 's album!!!
You can still sign up for tmw's CookBook webinar #ljcookbooks Tuesday 4/24, 3-4 pm. I think you should do it.
how did your sleep prayer work out?
At carmax wiff my mommy.. Someone buy me a bmw or mercedes..please
Black, square-jagged patch hanging flat in the sky: Stealth bomber circles Nellis.
hell yea go Noles!
Tyga far away
Sure thing. Signed up for updates for ventribe. Intrigued. Have a good weekend.
At Heaven City with , planning next cocktail dinner.
Trafford's Christmas lights bill is £54000 - Manchester Evening News Trafford 's Christmas lights bill is £54000 Manchester Evening New
really you don't follow anyone ? Hmm
fortunately, they were taken down, so now I don't even have to worry about it! Phew!
Thinkin bout making the decision to move to Miami with my mother! One thing. I dont like living in Miami tho!
Yeah :/ We could get a belated tweet though.
The Second City joins us at The Hillman in 3 weeks for a performance that will leave you in stitches. Don’t miss this one!...
#hth2012 Silverman noting a bit of "nostalgically futurist". sees threat of loss motivating lot of efforts. Interesting
Florida is a little too far from Philadelphia ... I'll be here in spirit!!! Hope it's a total success!
I hear you sis
tweeting strangers
Today, I'm dealing with it by shutting down the computer and heading to the studio! Hasta la vista, computadora!
Keys to success: small group of people, disseminate widely, institutional/author registration.
MB this singing in my dreams whit: #roc #prodigy #priceton and #rayray lol!!
Dude... You do be lookin so gangsta here! Love it!
lady cats kicked some ace
should have came lol
Now that all my shows have had there season finales what am i suppose to watch lmao
This is how i show my love...i made it in my mind because i blame it on my A.D.D baby!!
Love that!! RT : RT : Rays come out of dugout to applaud Jeter
so do the Chiefs
well, other than Hamilton, it is a 1 run game.
...just turned in my nomination form to be an Executive Board Member for the BCALA. This is the first time a graduate student has applied.
Here in the beautiful, sunny offices of helping to #codeacross (america)
Man, most of the weddings I've been to would have been over by now.
We have a bunch of absolute idiots running the Fed. Gov't now and you want them in charge of your healthcare - God help us all!
“: hi Todd, my first tweet. Xx” please follow Terri- she has the inside scoop on travel and wine!!!!
« I'M TRIED OF PEOPLE»
wow, i have a poo, bookie, boo boo, pookie bear, baby mama, mo mo, wookiewoo AND a wifey...........lmao, n NO im not gay, these r my GURLZ
Thanks for the photo ! LOVES Silverman's Farm in Easton, CT!
I love looking into the mirror after a good haircut and thinking "I look ten years younger than I did yesterday."
Stick drill!!!!
I know families who plan one summer trip a year from points northward just to see the Brewers.
okay james, the rib kicking can stop now
RT : Dear Lord, if I'm ever be stuck in a mine field, please grant me the good fortune of being stuck with Ty Dillon.
trying different hair styles for prom<U+0001F601><U+0001F44D>
I hope you feel better I cant imagine if something like that would happen to me please feel better and take your time in ...
Smh some of you are talking about being successful but you're high everyday. How do you plan on getting successfull if you're high and lazy
Dream Big and love somebody. Mich.
how are ya?<3
yasnippet2 is a lifesaver. Love it.
Orioles have the best record in the MLB today... o, wa!
"I was born without you. So guess what? I can live without you."
Traffic making me swole!
Telling jokes.
After looking at the rothbury line up I had to get a ticket
that rondo just got burned
yea I can't wait!
I got it!!! My favorite is definitely Freak or Wake Up, Probably Freak... #LetsBeAnimals FTW
you guys are on the road to fame<333
Is all my tweets going to facebook LMFAO i tweet alot xD
It was either Aston or HP Sauce. RT Official: Aston Martin named Britain's coolest brand yet again
OKC is NOT playing games about these blocks... geez!
I really should've signed up the fan cave I watch a lot of baseball lol
Just welcomed a great group of students from City College High School to the Church Student Matinee.
School then work..... I gotta long day ahead of me....
#UHtaughtme that fire drills at 4am suck major a**.
Exhausted after shooting today's funeral scene, ready for singing along with the Sound of Music tonight! Attitude adjustment time, eh? :D
Excellent Gridiron Gala in Cockeysville tonight. Gearing up for Tiger Bowl II on Saturday. Great to see Bushrod there tonight.
Hulk steals the show in The ! So many awesome moments. Have to see it at least 3 times :)
Sometimes being single just sucks then other times its like woo freedom but right now it sucks
Dinner tonight: slow roast pork loin in mustard rub with fresh mixed veggies and mushrooms cooked in beef broth. :)
Gimme Shelter: Fundraisers like Trvia Night help us provide success stories ... - Bullet News Niagara
Ron Artest is gonna perform!
Business after Hours at Golf 365 150th & Cumberland Join us!!
You doing ? has a group we're putting together. Epic. Electrifying. Hardcore. All appropriate descriptors!
here. Look for me when you are done. I'm the old guy.
I would love to have an app that allows me to see what other train passengers are listening to
Am I drunk already? Maybe! Lol
The Tom Patrick Sextet (Tom's from Big Band Express) is playing at Gaslight Theater in Tucson Tonight at 7pm! Should be a show worth seeing!
Goodnight sweet prince; and may flights of angels sing thee to thine rest. - W. Shakesphere
haha.... Swamy ji, do something that give her heart attack
Thank you, my friend
You knew that was coming
Sitting next 2 a boy 15years old, and he's singing to victories lol
this guy!
Thanks John!! RT : Follow - the headache free to book group travel. Please RT! High 5!
Trying to remember other "switched at birth" plots akin to Puddin'head Wilson. Anyone out there with a better memory than mine?
tell ya ma she ain't following me.
I want to go to Singapore and eat at the street food hawker stalls!
The Embody from Herman Miller
Let's go #FLAMES! Watching twitter feed from work in LA.... I got my priorities straight.
Ray Rice could be the #GAMECHANGER for the Packers think about it TT.
The dart landed on Buttercup's dress. Green hair it is!
In English ((: Watching A Christmas Carol <3
B**** I'm on my EDDIE WINSLOW today!
"Happy Birthday Reject"
I was reading my sisters texts to her friend until she barged into my room. :(
Love seeing on Scouted!!
What happened to Skiles' defensive-minded teams?
like that quote, how are u?
Kowba: But if there is no MY cut, we stand a good chance, have the ability to avoid insolvency
Dreaming at 36,000 feet. X
Shh, you're going to make jealous!
Remember when Wolf Blitzer said about Katrina victims: "They are so poor and so black" NBC was intentional.
Because I love you so so so so much I'll make a video only for you Guys !!! Tell me if someone wants to be a part of this video ?
Good thing he is a hockey player and NOBODY gives a shit what he thinks
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY ALEX!!!!!<U+0001F601>
#nercomp12 connectyard integrated with BB9.1forannouncement and discussions. enhance hybrid courses by extending inclass lectures.
Have you ever been to Earthsavers? We can help with your spa craving
This dude called kobe the grey haired mamba. Lmao
Go Die In A Fire.
oh you called lol
and me are at Disneyland running a tally of grumpy old people in mouse ears. Total: 8
Thanks, we hope all's well.
Thanks for a great weekend of Yoga! Can't wait to get going on my home practice.
Pound The Alarm is pretty sick... Killed it.
when I got my 3 dayold kitten, I had to massage her butt & vajayjay with a warm cloth to stimulate her to pee & poo for 2 weeks
that's so random that blakes team won but they'll all get to where they want to be now so its ok
Done with classes for the semester!!!!! Hooray! <U+0001F389><U+0001F389>
hey call me around ,7
Congrats on your new job! Sorry we couldn't get together before you moved to NWA.
An email from Express: "Get $25 off -- Gifts for Mom!" I don't even want to know what 60-something woman might find in Express...
Aw... Leanne. :( How sad to be without the rest of the triad!
im in shock that the beacon show is next Saturday ............i remember when i was fighting to buy my tickets ......... lol
in Dallas at the moment for work. And I think I could play a great Lucy.
More than a dozen uniformed #NYPD at the 125th St. station in Harlem. Anyone know what's goin on?
I need somebody real!
Yes! Did you decide on a place? I'm pretty open. (Booked a room in Andover).
you + #ward5 voters?
"she hypersucked my neck"
well keep me posted
I'm just going to leave the tylenol on my desk if anyone else needs it. It's that kind of week
Not feeling too good right now:(
Congratulations - you will do a fabulous job!!
There it is. I let it go and I'm not offended. If you don't really wanna be my friend that get the hell out of my way while I jump ahead.
": Playing Scrabble with and he says XI is a word! Boy, if we weren't married.Some 1 played that w/ me 2. Ugh
That might be the first use of QR codes that I actually kind of think makes sense/is useful.
": Glad I got to see my bro tonight!!!! Haven't seen his ass in so long..." Yo ass had me laughin like a mf!!
having a blast with ma friends(:...!!<3 got to love them<3
However, grown ups can control themselves & should be able to conduct themselves appropriately.
You're going to make mistakes in life. It's what you do after the mistakes that count. ~ Brandi Chastain
Coincidences & intuitions gaining momentum, music video shot, park picnicking, & onwards to webseries screening- my version of Good Friday!
This girl is on the phone and blasting her ipod at the same time. I hate my generation.
Something tells me you don't need to worry about the gym.
I wish I had named my class 20 Sites to Organize Your Life. Because I have 20.
Here's another product for you.
Let me know... Happy new year to you, your family and the WNST Staff.
Mr Martin, what exactly is dumb about her statement?
Painting faces/bodies for free tonight at 5 Sonic drive-in's! Come get some art on! 5-8 call for details! 453-0936
Are white boys sweet ?
what kind of food? And whats your price range
carefree, wherever we may be, we are the famous S-K-Glee!
Hey, Scott Brooks, might want to think about pulling your starters really soon.
Number two SEO mistake NO effort on off page optimization... Just two biggies.
i have published one novel, i write a ton of non-fiction and have my children's book series coming soon.
Lil wayne new video "How To Love" is very powerful! Women learn to love yourself!! Great message!
“: Headed to show, finally get to see these clothes that I've heard so much about!” glad you're here Jeremy!
tired haveto get some sleep bigday on monday,,
Old skills matter: ques nego/ref interview req w/ people who don't/can't say what they want or need. Our job is to help.
todays my last day of freshman year!
not me tho!!! I living high and happy on sugar!! and not to mention out of shape!!!
Just watched 's stand up. Mad props. Had me geekin the whole time. Give it a listen freshauthority.blogspot.com
I laughed when I saw the Mercedes AmEx. You get 5x points when you buy a Mercedes with it! My neighbors must have it.
You are hilarious! RT I've just had a
There are a few things I really really hate but one of those things is a LIAR. I hate LIARS.
hahahahahaha good one :/
Great night with #goodfood #goodfriends At trocadero. Fun including dog raging bitch beer. Order up one of those.
Rule #456 - SMELL YOUR MEAT.
Thanks for sharing with the men of , my dad had a great time.
thanks for the love!
do you have a tattoo?
I might have just stumbled upon the prettiest Black Girl ever
This week: travel by air w/o paper, 1/2 day on #drupal, in person, , on CSS3. Impetuous. Homeric.
Do you do web forms? needs one built and I can't remember if that fit within your area of expertise.
I'd kick you in the vagina, but I'm afraid I'd lose my shoe.
amazing performance tonight!
is it ready yet:-)
1. Stress? 2. Allergies? It's been a CRAZY allergy year.
Destination web standards, semantic markup, efficient css. Students are well on their way:)
Please follow if you're into drug knowledge and revolution. One of my favorites on my TL:-)
#salute to all the homies that knew NOTHING ELSE but trappin, and found there lane in the "legit" world
I reflect today by moving forward. I will honor the victims of 9/11 and pray for healing in the NY/NJ/CT families. NEVER FORGET. LET'S ROLL!
"I'm an immigrant and I'm proud." Please retweet if you agree.
Don't ask what the world needs. Ask what makes you come most alive, because what the world needs is people who have come alive. --H.Thurman
#TerrenceJones has 9 points in a row! He's determined to drag UK to a victory!
: were u in baltimore feb 18th? Thought I saw u, have a bet w/ a friend & need to confirm
Spent the last hour choosing fonts for my creative MS.
Like creating a key for the whole blog site, then another key per blog entry, then u could search key combo for replications
Is anyone else about to revolt against gmail? Give me back my multiple sign-ins!
Excellent morning music: 's "Surprise Stefani" on
Judging by his physique, I'd guess Popeye's a pretty accomplished masturbator
I'm not doing the shoutouts if u don't follow me. Sorry.
In my friends facebook picture the guy in the background has a jalex shirt on. I see you guy with the Jalex shirt.
Now that's an attractive woman!
Happy Birthday! 28 years of delicious brews!!
Sick of people who constantly talk about how great they are..
i mean its whatever
You're insecure, dont know what for. You're turning heads when you walk through the do-o-or :)
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Post-divorce spousal support, or alimony, is rare in Texas but it is possible under certain circumstances.
Just left Santa cookies and a glass of milk. OK half a glass of milk. OK just cookies...which I ate. Santa gets a Bud Lite Lime
you're a loser xD I love you
why not?
Haha im just perfect : ) well a blanket seems to work when im cold : P
The foyer in your home says welcome to you and your guests. Choose an elegant chandelier and wall sconces to light this important space.
Thanks, hon! We're so happy you joined us and appreciate the kudos. It makes the sore muscles easier today. :)
Tomorrow we announce the Twestival line-up. Get ready!
Oh anyone who is so hype about dream chasers 2 just off your self & go listen to some real music .. #imonarollthismorning <U+0001F621>
Singers unite! We need each other and understand each other like no one else. Competition isn't the way. There's room for everyone to shine!
Listing to Superluv<3 By the amazing Shane Dawson(:
First draft of group study homework is done. Time to get ready for the marathon of parades today!
Yes, the site if down. :( They are working on it.
I wanna see a pic of him. I bet he so adorable.! :))
worship music >>>
I just added Heathers to my movie queue. It's been too long. I need a refresher of red hair bows and boiler rooms....
MISSION ACCOMPLISHED (with my bumper). Boom! Enjoy that jam for AL OF MAY.
There's a major voyeuristic / stalker / obsession culture on Tumblr. Unhealthy. Reminds me of some MySpace era subcultures.
3 hour worship practice and sound check here we come....thx for the herbal tea
Thanks for the retweet!
My dear, our world is hopelessly boring.
#BeastieBoysmemories needs 2 trend / we all have tons of things we did after seen what kinda of kick aas stuff they did
NEW ONE BEDROOM, TWO BEDROOM AND THREE BEDROOM APARTMENTS AVAILABLE!
PA Lt. Governor, Jim Cawley is at our Pittsburgh office today talking about the tech scene in Pittsburgh. :)
Had a great time talking today! I lived in Oz for a while, always love chatting with people who visited. #Amazing place
we totally cant wait to be able to come out that way! #soon :D hopefully.
its getting late but i dont care :P
RT : Please watch & RT the amazing “America's Got Talent” audition video of a young Autistic singer:...
#Oomf should text me :]
makes sense. if all else fails i'll just bug my rep, haha
Y u mad Nigga !
Almost forgot to tweet this! Saw the first trailer for breaking dawn tonight!!!!!!@!&$!!........
hope to network with you when I move to Cali in 2 months! thanks for following
when does the one thing video come out? :)
Having a #30Rock moment
To the people of Norway I am so heartbroken about the lives lost and those still missing. I love you Norway. My thoughts are with you NORWAY
Congrats to for their continued success!!
Be #Oneinamillion not like everybody else :)
RT : #Cardealers how do you protect your assets?? We supply both industry leading solutions &
#20ThingsAboutMe; 4. I'm extremely stubborn and difficult to convince.
Amazing things can happen once you change your way of thinking
RT : We are having too much fun on the show!
With at wondering "Has the US lost Latin America?"
Seeing people change isn't what hurts, what hurts is remembering who they used to be. . .
Thank you for following
boom. Also, hover effect to make it easier to scan. I bad mouthed Raphael a while ago, but it worked on the first try, simple.
": in Australia we call ourselves aussies. I'm a single aussie. whatsup world."
RT : I want people to keep it real, or try to keep it Trill all today.
Pleased to see #NACO as a Partner organization with #charactersunite. A great program raising much needed awareness on social injustice.
i like to eat food
not a damn thing. Just sitting around
sned us over line sheet and info of your brand. to look forward to hearing from u thnkz
Fuck Carol too, what do you mean you don't think you can trust Rick?
City bound with my mommy (:
: no, no I want to see it
I'm glad you guys made it home safely in one piece tho
That awkward moment when you folding your underwears and a guy comes next to trying to sell you moves
Of course you leave The Mann before Foster the People comes! Ha, hope all is well:)
Nice to see more legitimate advertisers online. Yahoo seems to have fewer "buy our miracle cream" or "lose 100 lbs in a week" ads.
Is going to the State Fair tonight, but forgot my camera ;-(
I will have 2 picks this week if the market stabilizes, otherwise I do not want to give picks that will lose short term.
THANK YOU & we love YOU!!!!
It cracks me up when random people think Im gona try 2 prove myself 2them. Seriously, I dont care what their opinion is of me,I live for me!
I like you
Am I in love? OMG!! hehe
So which one of you is the mom, and who is the dad?
You alive?
Good fight!
Action is the foundational key to all success. - Pablo Picasso
Britain tried to discourage American from settling in the frontier.
RT Makes u feel like a dragon breathin fire from your nostrils! RT SCREAMER ROLL! #bEwARe cc:
I'm literally working 9 hours today so I won't be around much. If you want, you can just shut Twitter down until tomorrow.
OK........the Easy bake Cakes are ready! Yum!
#OneThingIAmThankfulFor is all my twitter followers. :-)
new album came out today. What are you doing with your life?
just taking some time out to say #THANKYOUGOD for blessing me, my family, and friends .. :-)
Listen to filling in for today at 3p on !!! Tim rules...Booker is still kinda cool.
This guy just gave me 15 free picks cause I told him I liked The Beatles. I love them!
“: i wanna meet you and touch your ass ugh :(”
All Lifers,Follow This New Account They Support #SoSoDef & The Whole Empire !
Love how Alex Russo () always does things wrong :') #WizardsOfWaverlyPlace is amazing<U+2665> can't get bored of it ;)
"Nothing's a failure - if you've got 30 people really engaged, you've got something." #learn -
i still don't get why we aren't dating.. I like you, You like me… but its just distance… :(
You are (:
thank you. Really looking forward to working with everyone.
is Nick Brown's new profile. Just thought I'd let ya know, he's a pretty cool guy from what I hear =P
…<U+2727> Kings the rings bishh <U+2727>…
Talk is cheap brah.. get a refund.
did u gt that Cologne
With 22 current permanent & touring productions worldwide,today's birthday boy billionaire--Guy Laliberte,Canada's king of the circus world
didn't she name da rabbit after u? Haha
Oh I'm so glad you want to push paperless billing.But I've already got it. So, uh, not your target customer with that email.
Amazing, Amazing Cirque de Soleil performance! Could watch that all day.
FEEL BETTER<U+E057>
If one of your #NewYears #resolutions is to win a PlaySport vid cam u came to the right place!Tweet me snowboarding vid and tag
3 days!!!!!! I'm so excited rt if you are too!
... Why did jimmy drop his ice cream?
Ali made me pinky promise not to eat sushi until my birthday!!!
the clerk at the checkout counter at king suppers was checking me out it was awkward
daughter so excited for ur show--wish I was there but garage sale for Honduras beat u out :)
New referral program! If you tell a friend that books me as their wedding photographer, you receive a free 11x14 wall portrait or 4 8x10s.
Inside GO! Featured local residents, writers, etc. Ready...Set...GO! Who's interested? :)
holy smoking cattle it sho is hot out there in the pasture! now come cool you hoofs at the cow! Giddy Up!
Are you attending any #ArtBasel events on SoBe? Stop by and see us for lunch in between exhibitions! Noon-3PM, all you can eat!
be a sweetheart and follow me handsome<U+2665>? I LOVE YOU;D
I hear the sun is planning on making an appearance around 12PM. I wanna look when he arrives - cause u know - he's the sun.
Back from painting frames and a new painting; though tired and hungry, I couldn't leave because I felt like I was painting my very best!
I guess it's not very convenient for those without a car. Maybe theaters should invest in lockers?
“: For all that is good in this world, please don't friendzone this guy.” Hahahaha .. but all I have is a friend zone
Sounds like a brilliant idea - what works for you? I have a call at 930 am until 10 am we can meet any other time
RT Go Harvard! We need you to win in order to show the world that having wealthy parents matters in all aspects of life.
More of the same. The health care system is broken, no matter what country you live in
...quotation from #HALFtheSKY by Nicholas D. Kristof and Sheryl WuDunn
New to Boston & love how involved City Government is on #socialmedia! Great recognition of the power of social connection!
I <U+2665> my daughter; I <U+2665> my babe; super tired had a long day and night my baby is sick was up all night a real mothers work never ends!
Coffee consumption commonly is about a third that of tap water in most of North America & Europe.
So LA wins the MLS Cup...did anyone see that coming?
Ran all my errands by noon! Fuck yeah! My day off. Nap time
Oxnard Wedding Receptions, Business Meetings Take on New Look at Residence Inn
My train is experiencing equipment problems. This is no way to reward getting up early for work!
And you know this RT : Yessir! Bout to pick up this W in SA
Holy sheotzoooo that was scary
Go big or go home
Let's go Bulls!
People With Big Ego's <<<
Just jump out the SEMI TRUCK bout hit plush all da bad bitches meet me there
A big congratulations to Indiana's 2011 Teacher of the Year, Stacy McCormack, from Penn High School!
Madagascar and men in black? Could it be a better summer for us!!! Come see them in buffalo!
Going to #SCMS11? Catch up on your NOLA based TV shows: 5. K-Ville 4. Season 9 of REAL WORLD 3. Treme 2. Franks Place 1. Chief Wiggum, P.I.
Yell extra loud for me! I work on Saturdays, alas.
Cutting people off
Or, some would question whether YOU just hate Robbins because he's a rich dude...just messin' w/YOU :)
Do you help people get what they want, or do you help them get what is right for them?
Yea you are :)
aww sorry we missed you. Rest up for Friday. =)
Ah, that's revenue, not profit.
Yeah, it seems like an excellent fit.
Ashley just made me a Bitterness Comes in Waves #cocktail for her last night
I have no idea where this cut on my wrist came from but it stings so it should go away now.
THANKS a bunch, Matera! You ARE special!
Hang'in with some of my favorite ladies tonight!!
"You better hope your baby is rich because no one's gonna marry that thing based on looks!"
I love being a rebel!
lets get it!!!!!Cant Wait!!!
Beautiful morning. Shower, coffee run, and doggie ball throw. Dog is staring at me. Gotta go.
Hey if anybody know my name follow me k
Ha, I like that. Could be a goldmine.
If you had blogged this, I'd be the schmuck that commented "first post!"
my Windows Phone is taking so long to update :(
you just named my new band. Or blog. Or something else I won't start.
RT Happy Halloween! Thanks !!
Thanks for following! Good to know a real estate expert down under!
I'm happy with what I got. I live to love and laugh a lot
Just keep hearing things, sounding like warning signs....
Good to know there's a dry place somewhere in this state!
First night sleeping alone in a very long time
Man, 7 hours of Game of Thrones sure does make a girl horny.
RT Some days just do not work. Accept it and move on. Don't let it derail you. *wise words from Lou*
they got VIP?
I'm an old DOS guy and live in the DOS box. Love a drive letter.
Ok back 2 LL. he can lick them lips all he wants ...
my baby cousin that's 4 Years old just ask when #talkthattalk video coming out :) yess its on repeat now
Big Krit- Insomnia
Betsey Johnson = love.
The season has started! How exciting!
Feel free to marry us as a whole, it wouldn't be weird at all. Happy birthday<U+0001F389>
I hate my hair nowadays <U+0001F616><U+0001F61E> it's too long & annoyingg.. <U+0001F621>
haha i could tell! you were like staring at the ground
This girl giving me dirty looks
I think it's just called VACATION. The "family" is implied.
#Packers running no-huddle for first time since preseason. Basically, that's what they think of the St. Louis Rams.
Hm. I think I'm actually liking this twitter change thing.
If You like , then you will need to be at Much Ado About Brew April 2nd. Get your tix before they sell out - kgoradio.com/beer
And I'm really into this new Band of Skulls single. Glad they're back.
Agreed. RT : Highlight of the evening: A bunch of entrepreneurs belting out "Money Can't Buy Me Love" at the top of their lungs.
Next bus comes in 20 minutes...
Opening yourself up to people is stupid.
Have fun be safe !(: i love you!!(:<33
hey thanks for conncecting on Twitter.
So excited for my invite! Sounds like it'll be just a few weeks now.
just saw 2 of the biggest box turtles I've ever seen
that's great! Just keeping busy and trying to kick this cold! He likes me and doesn't want to leave me :) Have a great weekend!
I Like Your Name
Incubus - Stellar: via
my place in NOVA
I've mastered the fine art of not giving a f*ck. Not giving a f*ck improves the quality of your life. via <<<
I forgot how angelic 's voice is. :)
good luck!
Going to have about 5 hours to kill in Anchorage, Alaska. Anyone have ideas?
I even took off my shoes for that!!! -David Eisler lol
If you do not succeed in fascinating your customer, your product will fail. And if that happens, you fail too.
Conf. Call #4 for the weekend. At least there is progress.
G. M. TO ALL TWITTER..... HOPE EVERYONE HAVE A WONDERFUL DAY!!!~
Karl, I've got exiting and innovative .NET openings in Chicago Area. Would you mind helping me. Good referral bonus guaranteed.
I'd turn les for that homegurl.
I was wondering if you had the DVD.
Artists, take your presentation as serious as your art. I'm at a cafe where photos are mounted on plywood.
meaning that the inn at ccn is full of the mothers hitting on younger guys. Lol
...and I just drooled coffee all over myself...HAPPY FRIDAY!
That was just a minor bump in the road! *shrugs*
Tip 1: is the issue really an issue? Do your research see if legislation has passed in other areas, document the issue, have all references
Putting on snow pants...to walk to the grocery store
Sometimes I really hate you.
I got my picks for tonights games on #TNT video blog up soon #Knicks #Bulls #Thunder and #Blazer fans #NBA Fan check me out #RT 3
don't be shy. Share it for the world!
Got a weight on that mib? Looks like it could be either clay or porcelain. Yeah, I'm a junkie-replying in CRM class.
Walking at the gym & constantly feeling a little hand or elbow on my hip bone w every stride.
eventually we all morph into asexual blobs.
In some ways it still feels like segregation now, segregation forever in this great land of ours..
"Like the air you breathe, abundance in all things is available to you. Your life will simply be as good as you allow it to be."
Can't wait to get to the United Center for / Game 2 tonight. First ever playoff game for the team I grew up idolizing.
I'm about to start reading the Hunger Games.. We'll see how that goes! #themovielooksgood haha
At least there were words. 508 more than me today! Can't edit what isn't there. That's what tells me.
Yea it does
There's Steve Blake with the first defensive effort from a Lakers guard of the night.
Jesus. Follow from AND in the same day?! Is this real life...
has a decision to make. And too much homework.
Thanks for not condemning my smirk and eye roll. I think my point is: Sometimes this technology makes me feel like such a geezer
Bet #G2T$ RT : i got you. files coming tonight.
Hooray! It's Opening Day!!
Thanks for the info!
": was i right?" Yes sir, the kid and the big ticket...
I got a question? Do you all know that Iran just sent 15k troops into Syria? The media is silent.
first time ien seen u brush since January 27
Where do I get MY Tyler Deeb tattoo?
I have to be there at 8. Blehhh.
“Most people live and die with their music still unplayed. They never dare to try.” (Mary Kay Ash)
Dope Joint fam
By the way, Will's improv 401 class who I just watched at , pretty funny, you funny people.
But then again, I havent stayed up this late since a month ago. So maybe I might fall asleep fast.
Twitter... Ain't that some shit
A guy that can make me laugh >>
You were amazing tonight! I have my fingers crossed and am hoping you win!!! Good luck tomorrow on the results show!! :):)
Nussbaum speaking on "Gender and the New Religious Intolerance" now
Better yet, proofread and then have someone else proofread it too.
made a good point, who the fuck is stalking me and reporting my tag? xD
Of course will keep you posted! Have a terrific time out there, heard it's a beautiful course!
so many leftover cookies!!! lol! I need a treadmill - that's gonna be my next purchase! :)
today my siblings are celebrating my birthday, tomorrow is when i was born yay
Doctor rivers
jump on a song then
He's from the south of France...Australia.
wow! Lucky, I love that place!!:)
Going to zee city ((:
I don't think you'll be disappointed!
Some great music comes out of San Francisco. Give a listen to Picture Me Broken www.mynoisyplanet.com/PICTUREMEBROKEN
me too--believe me, we lucked out big time.
hope you're feeling better real soon!
ikr!!!! It's not even like she can ever be with brian! Alek & chloe are meant to be!
People make me wanna rip my hair out!
That's really good RT : 3.2 miles and hill training... 35 minutes! Im getting good!!
Alright , okay , just crop me out of the picture . Love you too guys ! <U+2665>
:) RT : Inventing Twitter was pretty easy for because back then there was no such thing as Twitter to distract him from doing it.
#Orioles don't want to sign Cuban defectors, so Angelos will avoid offending/upsetting Fidel. FACT
dudee i'm actually crying now... THIS FUCKIN SUCKS
Hey, but on the bright side they're no.1 at home and they really can't do much worse on the road.
Day 21 of the 21-Day Purification Program: Dropped 10 pounds, went from 18% body fat to 16% body fat & Racing the E2M Triathlon this Sunday!
I hate you Photoshop!!!!....But I need you at times :/
yeah we loved it! But how u been?
Loving the music
doing the Cystic Fibrosis Walk at GA Tech this morning then playing the Mountain Laurel Festival tonight in Clarkesville, GA!
Update: Slow release of trains back into GC. Delay of 15 trains backed up.
Fourth quarter found me hoping we could keep the damage at 20. Good work, guys. That's why I love ya!
Lunch at Panera, good stuff at Alderwood mall with wifey, and wrapping with Portlandia. Hilarious show.
can never doubt how i feel about you if i'm showing it.........saying it just isn't enough to me
Remember the movie where Jim Carrey saw the number 23 everywhere? The same thing is happening with me and Angus T. Jones...
The Belly of an Architect was okay, but I LOVE Brian Dennehy's character's name: Stourley Kracklite (Architect).
and then I throw mine on the floor to prove my point again lol
Masters.com blows me away every year.
Today was last day of conference i i didn't do so well in places but improved my time
ringalinglingling!!!! hello?! hi Roxanne! thanks for following #mofones!! talk soon!
Product of their own making. TNT rags on Barkley incessantly; only a matter of time before they stepped over the line.
Just wrapped a fantastic headshot session with Cheryl Ogden-Oreskovich!
#BOYFRIENDReview I love that haters admitt it's so amazing!!
The lakers fightin for this win
*Couple in shower* Girl: "Just relax, do what you normally do." Guy: "Okay then." Girl: " What the fuck!? Are you peeing!?"
Hello best friend :)
I'm not feeling good today. Just got back from my dialysis. Waiting on my prostate cancer test results. "sigh" I'm a little scared.
no she's just southern
ha! never my friend, we're both starting too old to ever be real coders :)
Dude, just started following you. You're killing it on the Jets beat, keep it up. CC:
tell her i said happy mothers day:D
of course babe (;
HELL YEAH!!!!
Why are all the shows I watch now so CRAZY & DRAMATIC??
where my 50 bro
BOTH! Level up. :)
Heading to the airport!!:)
Just discovered that all the Flying Circus episodes are available via Netflix streaming. Productivity? Where'd you go? :)
no way, n I was looking to grab some late night snack... This message 3 hours later :( lol.
Heh, I'm sure they'll take "Speculative Fiction."
NOT COOL BREW CREW
My dad said yolo.
was it #stewie ?
This is about identity theft, Facebook is just a tool to leverage that. Normal legal rules apply.
I still love PB&J, best sandwich. Not toasted.
when did start archiving? #CokeArchivesHangout We started collecting in the 40s.
Ok, NO ONE prepared me for the level of grossness in 127 Hours. Can't stop gagging. How does he not bleed out??!
yep! It was founded in 1903.
Ohio Dems fun in Tiffin tonight w/ &
im so buying it to
Think before you speak cause your words will get you fucked up !
Thanks for the flowers in memory of the poppy pie. She will be missed tons.
Every time Phillip Phillips dad cries, a pawn shop turkey gets its wings
haha explains so much...
I remember seeing a facebook post by , I think, talking about how men are rarely defined by women in book titles, etc
Boxing just ain't the same no more
RTRTRTRT“: Boys are stupid.”
Army reinstating 1st female head of drill sergeants after she fought ... - Washington Post
I appreciate the s/o big homie
Playing at Fazzler hall in Tulsa with Fiawna Forte , Dec 10th. Come say high .
i can't help it!!!
remember that one time we were friends and u used to talk to me?! I sure do miss those days...
Survivors of military jet crash say "no amount of money" will ease their pain. They were just awarded $17 million in damages by a judge.
New York Football Giants
Long monday over with
I finished my University of Washington app today... now the nerves will be setting in.
Sad day : While the museum remains open, Jane Addams' immigrant aid organization closes after more than a century...
There are seven billion people out there. Don't let one ruin your day.
Walking to Bastille Days tonight & just heard Sam Cooke from a car going by. Thought of ya - hope you're well. (:
for recipes, home decor and clothing stuff — im hooked on PInterest.
How old would you be if you didn’t know how old you are?
ACT tomorrow.<U+0001F61E>
The grass may be greener on the other side, but then again you still have to mow it…
that's cool yeah man I was in some trouble but its all good now fool. Lets keep it on the DL nigga.
#rtcinco errands soundtrack: Cake Station on Pandora. Delicious. Try it.
Staying at the tonight? Hop across the street for the #Indianapolis Indians Baseball Game at Victory Field at 7:05pm.
TALKING TO MY HAIRRRSSS, TRYING TO GET TO YOU, IN HOPE YOUR ON THE OTHER SHAVER, TALKING TO ME TOO, OR AM I FOOL, WHO SITS ALONE TALKING
Feels like winter again.
Who knew that opera employed dramaturgs? Chicago Lyric, for one, + another guy I just heard speak on NPR. Time to expand my repertoire...
The day you learn how to text will be the day I text you first lol.
Thanks This was my first #libchat. I'll definitely be back.
What is the word gang?
: Hunting went well...Today's Special: Slow Roasted Sirloin French Dip with a Rosemary Red Wine Au Jus...GET SOME!
Somedays I don't wanna hear a peep out of absolutely anybody
you're so welcome.
#TheUsociety is a family of Ambitious young men and women that believe in going after there dreams!
Happy belated birthday, Matt! Hope u had a great day & hope your knee gets better soon so u can pop back onto the field! :)
Stand up sparring tonight...all are welcome.
oof. Haven't done that...yet! :)
I'm so excited for the new season of
That is, without a leash. With a leash, who knows?
Following back :-)
is derek only shown the UK?
Shut The Fuck UP!
you were stiching up the seams of every broken promise that your body couldnt keep, i think i saw you in my sleep
My brother Dion is a bumm dude always asking for a dollar lmao
Bored and its Friday nite
it's good. I miss learning from you and on the set. Thanks for the experience.
Fareed Zakaria: Global Public Square. One of my favorite Sunday programs.
We're overbooked - so sorry!
First peppermint mocha of the season!!
and I will be there! Looking forward to it. (cc: )
“In life, you’re going to be left out, talked about, lied to, and used but you have to decide who’s worth your tears and who’s not."
My cat just stepped on my ass crack! AWKWARD!! O.o
#ThinkLikeAMan = FANTASTIC MOVIE!! :D
Studying for midterms all night and having work at 6am does not mix well.
> l > i think im falling for him :)
Walked from Nebraska to Iowa tonight. Boy am I tired!
I heard if you go in the bathroom and say "Bloody Mary" three times Reggie Evans will appear.
MATTEAU MATTEAU MATTEAU... Ok I"m gonna try and stop doing that. But I aint promising nothing lol
is an alternate solution to #BaldBarbie. 100% of purchase price helps #kidswithcancer travel for treatment.
For sure!
so i just saw your videos…and i think I'm in love? Please be from Miami
With a new law suit & a major movie cancelled, seems like Marvel is faltering immediately after Disney deal. Just growing pains, or bigger?
Author Gabrielle Burton speaks on her work and life-long fascination with the Donner Party- November 10, 9:30 am in Car Barn 205
Anne Hathaway to play Catwoman in "The Dark Knight Returns'. Good for her, she'll make Catwoman even sexier, def has the acting chops.
Congrats to ! it has been a year since their EP came out :)
Early is better than late!
I love you.
Man y'all can bash the Lakers but they weren't supplanted in the Finals. The Heat were. No comparisons.
Good lesson there!
LET'S FUCKING GO ZACK RYDER!
The Knicks are the most loaded 8 seed I've ever seen.
I'm going to be in washington june 3rd ... ima miss mtv movie awards ;c
MY WAY OR THE HIGHWAY!
Ah I want a wittle pomeranian so bad! They're soo cute :)
79 percent of our students matched in Ohio.
Shout out to for an EPIC live on-air performance yesterday on !! People are STILL talking!! You rock!!!
Between the Lakers and Heat fans they always have so many excuses ..
Have FB thread open now too. Had to put kiddies to bed.
Clearly you insult more than any. Does this mean you have no argument either?
It's hot in here
“But the land, whither ye go to possess it, is a land of hills and valleys, and drinketh water of the rain of heaven.” - Deuteronomy 11:11
"well we jus him see" in my Tupac voice.
Giving infuses our life with joy and meaning. Providing an eternal perspective that interjects purpose to life. jim woods
DiverseWorks is looking for volunteers to help w/ painting & prep work for the gallery. Contact Jon at if you can help.
We've seen students affected by the first point, less so by the second. What are your experiences with #tuition? We'll RT thoughts.
"It does not matter if you're someone at home ... Are you willing to be a 'nobody' negligible elsewhere? "
#modevux mobile usability panel discusses how usability/ux affect business value
I didn't even know we had a 2 hour delay...lol.... I'm not going anyways.
#IfICouldDoItOverAgain I would have made sure the gate was closed before I let Astro out.
We may have another #ncscifest blog post this week, from our military archivist this time. I may write 1 also re. #WWI technology.
home from work it was a long day.
my friends say I'm a skinny person who was an obese person in a past life because i eat so much & I'm so skinny
#gettoknowyourfollowers week can you tell us more about your gallery?
nice to make your acquaintance, Queen.
Truth! Christ says a whole lot more about rich people as sinners than gays as sinners. Actually Christ says 0 about gays.
#FUTA pays 1/2 of extended #unemployment benefits during high unemployment & provides funds which states may borrow to pay unemployment.
will end the day with three emails in the inbox
Sorry 3.75 RT : Gas prices going down from 3.77 to 3.85 as we refill the production vehicle. We are no longer overbudget.
French exam tomorrow, shittttt
weird! all set now...
Playing with Neal. :)
Culver&#39;s and Dairy Queen put cake in their ice cream
RT Now following via
I'll just hope theres no questions about Spain on the test and that the post exam beer is cold and refreshing.
Please be careful out there.
I'll never be able to call Ron Artest "Metta World Peace"...that nigga will ALWAYS be Ron Artest...lol
Bought tickets to Chicago for lovefest! Bing Travel is where it's at...thanks
So uncomfortably HOT
You're inspiring. Your dedication & involvement in your projects are super motivating. Keep up the good work.
Wish I was having Spicy Dr. Pepper shredded pork! RT : Time to make dinner...what's everyone else having?
Watch "Bling" on Netflix if you get a chance. It's cool mayne.
Thanks for the follow from the SJS Team!!
So I see don't like tweeting/texting people anymore...what kinda little sister are you lol
#TED: "Every object should think about the user, cast that user in a story about that user." this is important for teachers.
It's my doggies birthday today he's 4 wish him happy birthday!!! And happy 4-20 Hehehe
great stuff. i deal with the dads/the men. lets link and connect! .
I need GPS for when I decide to look into myself
I'm out. Till we tweet again !!
<U+2661>One Direction<U+2661>
Relationships arent complicated just dat we make it complicated
Lake & Forest Club. My great-grandma lives out here, so we can go tubing whenever we want basically.
You rule! I thought i already was....
you always want food!;)
Join us on Facebook Butterfly Society of Virginia
That's the 2nd football I've seen floating down the flooded Schuylkill in the last 10 minutes
623-255-4088 ext1 mst ask for Dean, lets talk about your needs and go from there
Kinda wish my stop wasn't the one right after she started. I was digging the Alicia Keys
brush fire just down the hill from me
Happy Birthday !!!
Job interview tomorrow. Goodbye, poverty!
what's going on tonight?
That swollen feeling from crying a lot, it's starting to become natural again just like before. *sigh* I just want everything be good.
Our fav DJ RT : Breaking new tracks and new artists is what I DO!!!! #ChocolateCityMix and #CrackTheCrateRadio .... #boom!!!!
i could imagine...... Good luck with your new position, looking forward to RIMM's inovation....
That might work if your team is only one gender! Otherwise, I don't want to be that close with my coworkers ;)
Thank you for the update from the story on Wednesday!
what a loser
My number one pet peeve in fanfic? Constantly shifting perspectives. Pick a character already!
The team is looking forward to the community literacy forum tonight!
my tweet feed is blowing up forever Christian&His LittleGirls RT
Browsing at Old Navy.
Ugh I wanna see him
Happy Norfolk State made it round 3 - but ...GO GATORS!!!!!
“: announcing new app at #epatcon.”
glad you got it! Wear it proud and suport
We agree! This is a beautiful campus! We'll cross our fingers for you. is a great place to be.
no problem.
You ONLY have 3 timeouts left Baylor in the game!!
RT Oh you like bacon? That puts you in an exclusive club called everyone.
Where did my gum go ? Can I have a peace, kaliii can I have a peace please, did I swallow it ? # help :(
The problem with antisocial behavior is ... is ... Get off my back, will ya?! I'm still thinking.
Now my Facebook page is jacked up I can't view any of my current posts except through the notifications or on my phone.
Loving Cali and spending time with my hubby!
are you going to the 1D concert?:)
I have to show y'all how Mr. Columbus parties! And it's the bday weekend? #PureIgnorance !!! Lmao
I'm back on twitter after a brief hiatus - tech show & ignite law look gr8t!
We purchased Quick Fleet Trucking which has 1 semi rolling through the mid west. We are looking to purchase 5 more trucks next month
Simpsonizers/Angels we need to #SoListen #1 on ! RT so we can get it #1!
Going to be honest, it's been a while. ( )
Gonna mow that weedy postage stamp of a "lawn" now. Then going to Home Depot. Happy Father's Day to me!
I miss Megan && my tummy hurts. sigh.
happy hump day:)
appreciate it! but its not me its this is his fan page! FOLLOW HIM ALSO
kmsl u so silly...
Westview vs West Linn tonight!! Lo's first home game :)!! Let's go Cats!!
it will also clean your house, cook you dinner, and tuck you in at night.
Ugh I don't know why I'm so sleepy!!!!!
Blackboard is soul-sucking. That is all.
It's midnight and I'm at a rodeo, lol. Not bad or my first 2 step dance with my ol lady.
How can not have a girlfriend? oh wait, im his girlfriend ^.^! hehehehee!
damn damn damn, what i'd do to make this connection fast? i wish it'll be fast
your cute...
Mike Judge is the unfunniest of the"comedy" guys. Nothing he's done is funny. Seinfeld also makes my unfunny list. That's right! I said it!!
Lesson: check the lawn h2o schedules at local parks. Just wen for late night walk with dog and ran into a wall of water. ops.
I seldom reply to your tweets, but I certainly don't ignore them. Did they really define "ignore" as "not replying"?
ur kidding me?... Cut that shit out
I don't want to be interesting. I want to be good. ~Ludwig Mies van der Rohe
Heading out of town?
I appreciate it and I thank you for your kindness and understanding.
you are right, I wouldn't want to fall in the water while im reading.
Whats with this hooker spam? I don't like it!
Hate this but so true RT : Tim duncan might be the best power forward of all time!
A little blasting in the AM to start off what looks like a great week ahead. Ready to crush it!
Getting ready to melt some faces off! This little break was far too long....
Even buses are messing me over this week!
Wish I had time to show you more of Incredible car - think green! #voltperk Bonus: we saw secret service agents.
followed by a tithe offering for the pastor for his service. Ha.
psssshhh not only is it ok... its encouraged!
Yeah, I did. :) Class of '05. I'm old.. I think we were in honors English together freshman or sophomore year.
he was nice.
Thanks for the follow, Wen!
“Shh.. Do you hear that?” “What? I heard nothing.” “Exactly, it’s the sound of no one caring.”
haha. PS3 or XBOX
Can't imagine what it would be like to be a fan on a consistently good team. Ugh
Welcome to Milwaukee, Carlos! Enjoy your stay.
Like a lemon to a lime, a lime to a lemon I sip the def ale with all the fine women!
You all check out my blog website, CrazytilltheEnd.com!
at 219 on Lavaca and 4th, grabbin a bite. Come on over!
Holy crap. The price of gas is ridiculous.
No I don't think that's why they call it window pane.
haha good point, but waking up with it blah
the one day I leave you go to the beach, turkey
Love it! I can't stop playing Wake Up! Y'all killed it on every track - incredible!!
Thanks! I'll have it to you in a little while.
Appreciate your mentions friends:
Right, but I just mean have the audience not include kids. ADULTS ONLY MUPPETS.
Happy Colorado Day! Colorado is 135 years old today.
Thanks for the RT's! Sharon the Sea Turtle goes home Today!
Flying out at 6:am. Bye Miami it's been wonderful :)
best movie hands down lol
If your bar advertises free wifi; your regulars are losing.
I'm lazy !
If happy ever after did exsist, I'd still be holding you like this <3
I'm speechless. I'm glad no innocent bystanders were hurt.
#OscarTweet Morgan Freeman... Class act.
no im not selfish. yea i met austin already. so..? i love him the same way u do dosent mean i cant go see him cause i already did.
loud in my lungs listening to Mr Khalifa *smoke music*
send me the link
Rest In Peace.
I've been working like crazy and have no time to do anything...but 70+ degree weather makes just about anything okay.
You guyz just made my day bc i didnt actually think tht you were gonna see me tweet. :D I FEEL So happy lol <3
Starting to understand why those old people don't like kids so much (-______________________________-)
Thank you, Kate!!
Put God First means loving before judging... So proud of today! It's time for equality!
Mizzou. “: where did Alex go?”
haha that's class. post a pic of this!
most people do! I want to try a cruise sometime just to prove myself wrong...maybe if I win one :)
Thanks for saying so articulately in your essay on women and the patriarchy. Right on!
If you are a dog and your owner suggests that you wear a sweater suggest that he wear a tail. Fran Lebowitz
Shannon: "I really wanted to go. There were cream puffs Ashley... CREAMPUFFS!"
Hello Twitter World. It's nice to be here!
“: “: Miss me in studio yet I feel weird not being there tonight too” does.” sho do!
The river may be wide, but it can be crossed~African Proverb
I'm a big fan of your work. Very talented, keep doing what you do...
I prefer tongue-tied knowledge to ignorant loquacity.—Marcus Tullius Cicero
Learned about the latest updates on the APA/ASPPB/APAIT Telepsychology Taskforce.Great to hear that guidelines are being developed.
It would be GREAT is #coxcable let their Tier 1 folks say "I don't know" instead of LYING TO ME!!!!
RT : VHS Prez Paul Levengood will b tonight. Tell him how much u luv the event!
just sent our golf shirts for Can't look better than that on the links!
Thanks for the follow!
Going to #EXHIBITOR2012? Be sure to come visit us and stop by our booth!!
What's going on tonight Abq? I'm bored at work so you should come get pierced or something
Sorry, I don't use this account that often. I'm usually on my main account(:
I would at least read. And probably evangelize.
Brendon finally gave me my fone back :))))))))))
Saturday morning breakfasts with the roommates
Thank You Tony for the amazing Holiday diplays! :)
since I donated my opening day ticket to someone, maybe a Bucks game would be sweet!
aww thanks! It's all you! RT: wowzer received my artstar art in the post looks amazing instagr.am/p/NO7ro/
I am going to #growsomeballs at #sxsw. They are going to be massive.
I know my move for today :) ..
You have great taste, Naoma!
In celebration of Follow Friday #FF, we suggest following and
I plan on it :D
I don't remember the disclaimer at the beginning though, do you?
U know ur doing something wrong when an injury to Phil Jagielka can ruin your entire day.
New to twitter who should i follow
Hey Coop.... I Love the relationship I see you having with your Mom. I LOVE my Mom!!!!!! Happy Super Special Moms Day!!!
I mean PROUD.
Um YES !
This is going to be a VERY LONG day.
We provide safe storage during lunch other down times, but they sign a waiver making them responsible.
A girl can be your best friend, wife, worst enemy, or worst nightmare. It just depends on how you treat her.
In a court of law, you can't beat a station wagon filled with nuns.
I quit one of them and am now seeking a new 2nd one. I'm at gay bingo now. Wish you were closer so you could come w/me :-)
$1 Retro Beer night at The Bomb Shelter! Bring a $10 Bill and you'll be loving life. 1517 S 2nd St
full band practice tonight.. can't wAit to play some shows!!
Brian and Little Dude went to get donuts for breakfast. Matthew was so excited to go out w daddy by himself!!
On this day in 1862 in the largest battle west of the Mississippi, Earl Van Dorn's Confederates attacked Union forces near Pea Ridge, AR.
Retweet if you love your momma! <U+2764>
Getting pretty close to being done with Episode 4 — Pretty excited to share this with y'all.
Its... TANNING TIME C: My outfit from today is the leading to summer c:
My Son Christian turns 21 in a couple of days... I'm feeling old...
If you didn't get a follow back from me, you will. Especially if you're interesting. #UnlessYoureNot ...
how do you feel about being on SPIN's top 100 guitar players list? Weird or cool?
those weren't the words? RT We didnt know the words to that Eiffel 65 song so we sang "Im blue if I was green I would die"...
Was struggling with my work and personal life since past many days..Here i am back and improved Vegan..Go Vegan!!!!
There's a point in Life when you start to realize, who matters; who never did; and who always will <U+2665>
Yay! Got some worked lined up!
Go check out on their tour of the southwest and deep south
Most important thank you to and Kristin Fasbender of the #NCAA for giving me the opportunity to volunteer this week.
looking at the reviews, you may be right!! ;-)
thanks mike! I have an LCD, and just bought an LED and I can't decide which I like better. Deciding which to keep upstairs.
And hey, don't go be a jerk and outbid me because I mentioned it on the Tweeter.
Who's ready to cookout on your grill? Need a new grill? What would you do to get one for free?
Aw i love her <3
Morning Rockstars! > In absence of clearly defined goals, we become strangely loyal to performing daily acts of trivia. - Author Unknown
Are you here today?
The orange Thai Fogo chili pepper plant that I took indoors last October & brought back outside last month, is about to flower.
{I stare into the calm waters of the lake, seeing haunted, eerie eyes looking back at me, I smile; she smiles. I blink; she blinks}
LPA is honored to be in such good company. Thanks!
& wreckin' time! #CantWait! #BeatIndy “: Bosh: "This season has to be extended for me to play again."”
ur happy face is facing 2 the right not 2 the left.Unless u ARE Greyson&u switched ur happy faces so we wont know its u :O
Happy Birthday Kyu! :)
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing. ~ George Bernard Shaw
man o man i aint been on here n a min wat up everybody
i love you two!!! Text me :)
Tired of your holiday parties at the same place every year? Then come check us out and schedule your party today!
Nekoosa look s bad, Bloomer that good, or both?
Current students! A recording of "Advice from Recent LIS Professionals" is available in the LIS Support module in Learn@ UW! Thoughts?
Party like it's 1997
we broke up, and it was spreading truth by request of many twitterers, not airing dirty laundry. peace <3
Get a Les Paul and a Crate 212 with effects
- who bedazzles your props in the #wwhl clubhouse?
YES! Haha and your dad and grandpa was there! Embarrassing <U+263A>
Watching Sexting in Suburbia and textin' the love of my life <3
OH OH OH! Please share! My world is blurry right now!
Maclin had a silly week
I cannot recall ever getting to a Brewer game early enough to see the opening pitch.
be my valentine?(:
Valeriana and the banana tree--16th century books & illustrations.
Black Friday here we come! :)
Just thinking about my queen
The UK has spent over $135 million on translation services in the last 3 years.
sounds like espn was desperate to manufacture a story, god knows that never happens
Holy fuck, shut up.
MT : A4: has launched a blog called History There is a Grad Student/New prof section. I'm an editor.
I'm sure Thomas Jefferson is ok with same sex marriage. I live 1 mile from Monticello and I know.
I think I'm coming tomorrow.
I can only imagine. I'm stuck on the couch with a swollen mouth. Id kill to be on the beach right now.
Mark Lein, CEO of Flyline Search Marketing says $100 Free Google Adwords Credit for new 12 month clients!
Dan of the Pension Fund: Can't invest your way out of it, of that I'm certain. What we have is a funding problem.
Thanks for following me! I'm new at twitter so I appreciate the support! -Nicole
"Because everyone needs to get one." - Guy pitching Clue.
SILENT and LISTEN both use the same letters...think about it
wow haha I haven't seen that show in a whilee
Wow released Yankee Hotel Foxtrot ten years ago today, except most of yall have only had it 8or9 years! Gonna keep it on repeat today
Congrats to the biggest chunk of lard I know with his engagement. So happy for you !!!! You know where to send the invitation...
Flying to #Virginia this weekend for a 3 day #Navy mission. Hope to find #inspiration and connect with familiar faces.
Lol....what channel r u watching?!
Back in the golden fleece in York....more ghosts than customers??blues music-too much!
You're right Chris, that would even be better !But if he's not going to change his swing/approach lay one down (like he said)
Even us dietitians need a handful of chocolate chips from time to time :)
Grading...grading...grading...grading...grading...grading...grading...grading...grading...grading...grading...grading...grading...grading...
The weekend is here! Let's get this party started!!!!! Great specials.... H/C and color- $100/start. Call for more details!!! (619)338-8111
At the vet w/ my dog. Vets are the nicest people.
Sweet! Make love not warcraft :)
Lukes a slacker, went home for the weekend, don't let him fool you - Great to meet you guys!
For some, grace means unmerited love. Maybe that’s why developing relationships takes such courage - Patricia Eagle, June 17, 2006
absolutely I guess I'm a bit obsessed ;)
Ten years ago: President Bush signed a $190 billion farm bill guaranteeing higher subsidies to growers in Midwestern and Southern states.
Today in Literary History: On March 14, 1887 Sylvia Beach (bookseller and author of SHAKESPEARE AND COMPANY) was born in Baltimore.
Hanging out in the XMPie Booth at Print 09...Stop and say hi!
im going to seaside on saturday (:, it wont be the same without the flag on the garage. But excited to see the house after a year (:
Friendly Rivals is tonight at Synod Hall in Oakland!! Don't miss out on this phenomenal concert! Tomorrow might sell out!
give me 5 years and maybe lol but right now all these $15,000 are just too much! I'll get there
I hope my brother takes Avery and me to school..
NASCAR founder heads SEMA Hall of Fame class - Tire Business
RT : Curl Lashes before Applying #Mascara to avoid Damaging Lashes #MaryKay #Makeup Tip Find More @ www.marykay.com/mistylynn
Just live, and shut up, and I don't even know, but I'm just so frustrated because some people just don't appreciate what they are.
Just because we got the ball back doesn't make it the right decision. 95 yards to go, less than 2 minutes. Chances we get a TD?
Fired up for the Draft tonight!
National Taco Day and National Vodka Day
"I'm convinced that every boy,in his heart would rather steal second base,than steal an automobile" Justice Tom Clark
How are things? My wife renamed my phone entry, and now when her phone rings, it says, "Call from: Rebel Base"
Rain down on'em with the 3's
Never stop BELIEVING on your dreams
Tim and I am so weak. Broke down and bought ANOTHER AG Doll for Fridah.
im really not <3
Me too, Steve, me too.
i'm happy for her :)
30 year?! You've been holding out on me....
working again today til about 830! Hopefully I can get out early!
Dumb and Dumber 2.. FINALLY
haha your butt
is a few followers from 1000! Let's RT and get 'em there! :)
yeeeaaaaaaaah buddy! With and
"Success is dependent on effort."- Sophocles
hey every day adds up! Or so I tell myself.
Thanks Rebecca, good to meet you!
I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past. Patrick Henry -
If you're visiting Washington DC and you go to a Subway to eat, die. Just go die.
Just tried to wipe with my left hand. It was more pathetic than a deer trying to walk for the first time.
Jeez. $SPAH just going and going and going. Interesting action there.
What do ya know... Robbie #Cano!
Coffee is no longer working. Crunching numbers is not for the sleepy-headed! Time to relax :)
The Royal Calendar: May 3, 2012
Would like to discuss your techniques you posted on the RB board
#FirstRead: Michelle Obama Jealous of Oprah? New Book’s Claim Deemed ‘Nonsense’ – Christian Post
A5: James Harden is making a huge name for himself. He's got game and a style schtick...great marketing combo
CFD busy this morning fighting massive fire at a plastics recycling plant. Exploding propane tanks, ceiling caving in. Live update @ 6
= flawless voice
lol wait why?
About to get in the shower <U+0001F60A> and get ready for the day
We used to make jokes about carrots, spoons and turtles all the time. I miss that tbh.
Thanks for following my blog! You have a nice little set up there yourself!
my go-to coffee place just doubled their prices and made a lg a medium!! Now where will I find a $1.50 coffee?!
RT : I'm probably gonna do a college football fantasy season too
Write. Insanity. Hair. Study. Edit. Apply. Search.
I know I shouldn't hit "retry" on the MLA JIL, but I just can't help myself
As #SPARC2012 winds down, , executive director will lead closing session.
Me and my mama are going out for brunch. RT : I love that my kids are grown and not burning up toast in my kitchen right now :)
See ya later RT : Hey everyone if you're looking for a nice Happy Hour in a 4-Star spot at 2-Star prices check out
I feel like god came & took pounds of stress off of me. Thanks
Stupid people in America?
Wow that video put up was really sad! That lady couldve helped him but she hid instead..some people are so ignorant i swear
Implying we're bandwagon? 14 straight years of losing yet I watch, listen or go to just about every game. Get over yourself.
Realest in my age group, no shit.
hahahah...oh snap. technology...
If the sun refused to shine... I would still be lovin' you...
thursday 29th at milwaukee
Before bed last night, Myla had to give rocking horse a hug. Her poor dad didn't get one. Only horsey.
I think the defenses are looking sluggish...
the gnarliest of the gnarls. Will you be in the NYC from 12/17-21? I will.
Going to take my little brother to get his permit on his birthday!
viola davis
If you are a new follower, that last one is me tweeting our new EP one line at a time. At this rate I will finish in early 2013.
That's so cool!
Ha, what's the point...
Susan is cooking dinner and I'm in the den, my chores of weeding, mowing, and walking the dog are done :-)
Faq I still can't believe no more NYK basketball anymore until next yr...
Im ur number one fan yes!!!!!! i wish that somedaY i can meet u hopefully u can follow me plz
Rodents of Unusual Size. I'm sure you're familiar.
Heading to the Michael Jordan celebrity golf event at Shadow Creek!! Beautiful day, should be fun!! Let's do this.
go follow plz... i just wanna jerk ;D
So much to do in soo little time
What a great week! Thanks Universe! ;)
done and done. Thanks friends! Cannot wait to see the new Lakeview space and have some brunch!
true true, is that good or bad?
still in school
ps have you ridden a camel yet?
Aww, that will be exciting!
Amazing service tonight with Chip Lusko at
that's a shame. Merry Christmas by the way.
I survived the end of the world. . . again
Apple cinnamon oatmeal it the best!!
SUMMER JAM #PITTSBURGH IS BACK | JULY 21, 2012 | TICKETS GO ON SALE JUNE 1 VIA TICKETMASTER!!! TELL YOUR FRIENDS!
eating at cici's with my mom and little brother ^-^ turned out to be a good day :)
Don't miss Atlanta Dog Spa owner and employees on the Cooper show today at 3 pm!
Wait that second in the middle of the night kiss lol >
I know. It hurt my wanna be wine snub heart
get a hold of this kid jutz
My mom wants to just control.veryrhing in mu effing life
Shut yo pillow pet cuddlin ass up
hope every is going all right:)
Thanks for the follow
you did a great job this morning!
Hey man congrats on everything your doing. Your living the dreams you've come a long way! Haven't talked to you in forever!
woodmans is freeking awesome.... Make sure you go with a few hours to spare... It's huge
I think i would actually quit the internet if Facebook bought Github
LADIES GET FREE CIROC & WE GOT FREE WRAPS #RITZ2 FRIDAY **PLUS ITS FREE ALL NITE* #tonefide x6
Can see Giants beating the Packers for some weird reason
Lmaooo or layers.....the best is how upset they get and the next time they come back the want more!!
Heading to bed and leaving this conversation to you two. Still not sure it fits, but then MCN2011 was an amazing conf.
Welcome to Twitter ! Life changing...
did u get my text?
- thanks for including us in your Follow Friday list, Lis! We appreciate your effort to #BeThere for us & the kids we support!
Oo I got on heels I hope I dnt bust my ass
Waiting for a text <<
It's almost Friday!!! You work hard all week long, reward yourself this weekend with your favorite flavor of Stinky Gringo Margarita!
This morning I learned that when you live 10 minutes down a dirt road, the guy who fills in potholes is treated like a god.
Jesus. That was nuts.
Stop using my God's name to shame and exclude my son! Just stop it! Carry out your hate and fears in your OWN name!
#JerseyShore :D -A
Oh no you didn't....
We couldn't be happier to have support our May 20 festival. With their support our festival will be one you won't want to miss
Teriyaki House on Boylston. I miss it so much. Great (and cheap) food-perfect for a college student!
YESS EVERYONE I'LL FOLLOW BACK I have to get ready for school first. I have like 30 minutes (:
I'm stright but my bitch a faggot!
Ill be sending u some pics today for the mag..is that cool?
That's a lot for a Friday! Good luck!
Hello Cookout. I have missed.
What about your life savings?
Saw blood on the dancefloor's merch girl at goodwill (my work) today. Pretty legit XD
oh hm
#Mygraduationspeech i would like to thank google, Wikipedia, and copy and paste. Couldn't have done it without y'all.
give me a shout out my nigga! After all the things we've been through together lol
you should tell people to follow me :)
r u gonna be back for #SuperbowlSunday or do you need me to take you 40/40 tickets????? Cuz I want them <U+0001F630>
Tips From Rowdie the Dingo: Change your home browser page to an international news site to stay current with the world!
Looks like my iPad is going need to wait a few more days now for iOS 4.2. Hurry up please Apple!
Lost $5 in about 5 minutes to the quarter slots at the Cal-Neva.
You mean to tell me Nikki & Victor are still at it? Was he the original singer of I'm in love with a stripper?
For the second time today someone has called my "young lady". CT is my new favorite state. Manners and charm!
- where could I find more info about the "Hung Out To Dry" movement?
Why aren't the refs wearing red jerseys? The no call on Zeller and then the call on Darius back to back prove it.
attended many interesting sessions plus a great keynote speech on his first day at the Conference on World Affairs at CU, Boulder.
I wonder what % of people who RT articles actually read the articles first. I have seen some particularily lame ones recently.
Done, thanks RT : change your twitter name, your reign of terror is soon to end.
not that kind of makeover! although it does sound fun.. I was thinking more of a brows and bangs make over. you can do that!
Going to sleep night.<3
: Pi Bar in San Francisco & Black Star Co-op in Austin
#ff RT If the van's a-rockin', you're probably hurting her, bro.
GUYS do you have access to fb? :O
playing with my new puppy, my power was out for two days, it just came on at like 4:00 today. Loll
WHY YOU AINT BEEN HELPING ME UPDATE THIS PAGE WITH THE
oh tuesday. is extreme dancing cajun pawn picker hoarder wars on tonight?
hahahaha then why would you throw that out there? What are you trying to do alert the cousins? Ha!
“: -I love your logo for "Gourmet Airways". Very cool! #MoverAndShaker #Genius #Innovator” thanks Shawn!!
We're looking for another cool sponsor for on Wed nights. Mentions in Stranger, Social Media + give your product to winners!
Can i Draw gonna be HONEST NO
It's so aggravating. I have no idea the historical reason for it.
Breaked it down in boat shoes and a cardigan. Couldn't help myself.
fuck outta here , i'll lick my carpet clean before paying that much .
individuals always trump the general. ;)
hell yea finally!
is my best friend
Word of mouth is the No. 1 influencer of purchases & is the best invention in the history of commerce says
Great. I just picked that up last night too...
Stuck in line now. I'll be sure to visit!
RT : I ironed on my tattoos
RT "Coke please." "Is Pepsi ok?" "Is monopoly money ok?" Lmao!!!
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and developing custom homes throughout San Antonio.
Thank you for coming by good sir! Hope you got to enjoy the tacos!
Headed to #Naples this week. Any suggestions? It's my #sofla deadzone.
I'm not your brother! I'm yours! I can't leave you alone! I can't forget you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
it's over. I don't think jews do that, though.
“: By hating on Selena you don't know that you're disrespecting Justin.”
Night Everyone
but its getting late and i gotta be up early so ttyl man! Goodnight!
Read history and biography to learn what the great leaders did right - and wrong. No reason to repeat mistakes or reinvent the wheel.
dog park!
Life is but who you are.
ME TOO. Awesome. I watched it a couple of years ago (husb. hadn't seen it) and it didn't hold up quite well.
thanks hon
Nah, I'm a country fan. Dude puts on a great show.
Good morning everyone... Happy mothers day :-)
NOO ! my best friend is leaving me ! :(
Well that was crap...
Four Democratic Reps. have moved desks outside the Capitol to meet with constituents who can't get inside.
I'll see you tonight
thanks for the retweet!
Thanks for taking him off our hands. The #Astros have been respectable this year.
Doug Collins: "[Kevin[ Garnett, I've never seen him play better."
Boa ... I got trust issues.. Fareal I need to stop
Thanks for the retweet!
haha, alright im out of the phase i was just in.
Rounded filed nails <
Sorry. Was RT : FYI...that twitter page does not exist
It would be wonderful if they would just make a Prince doll instead.
Thank you, doll!!! I appreciate it!!! <3
Milwaukee is dancin' and romancin' on the dance floor at 's Mardi Gras party at Turner! A very cool sight to behold.
i'm overwhelmed how good Vargas Llosa's The Bad Girl was. It's a love story for the ages, from beginning to end.
aww thanks ashley! so is yours! :) you looked gorgeous! :)
Watching Wall-E & Now I'm Starting To Miss Him And His Comfort. /:
Ubaldo needs to work on his pitch count. He throws way to many pitches, and our bullpen always has a lot of work.
I would be in for rounding up some DC bloggers for #thingsimafraidtotellyou posts..breath of fresh air!
I know me too :) I miss you
Pretty funny but false. He does however hold onto the ball to long even in the pro bowl.
You too!!!
In Phoenix Arizona for the first time, friendly people and alot of cacti! Looking for things to do, any recommendations?
Love the Wharf. We did our karoake out there last month.
what is that thing? dinner?
p.s. if you want more followers, find yourself a pic to use instead of the egg
prayers for my family please.
don't be fooled. He fought off that coat hanger like a pit bull.
ok im bored with twitter..im going to do one of my blog shows..peace twitter
Can't believe this semester is already coming to a close
Well, it's #orioles, so "realistic" is different for them from others. Duquette's on clock to make his mark.
“ S/o to my soon to be producer . Follow her asap !” Aye
Don’t miss ‘Dancing at Lughnasa’ in the Troutt Theater at 7:30pm today! Have those tickets yet? Nashvillefringe.eventbrite.com
#MyThoughtsDuringSchool I wanna go home
glad to meet ya! :)
You should be afraid! jk! I think you will be more responsible than I was :)
Ur mommas so short, she was sitting on the curb swinging her legs...
The only bad part about living so close to work is that I have no excuse to not show up when there is 6 inches of snow on the ground.
Ice Cream done right, locally, by Cedar Crest. One scoop only $1.99 only today.
OK #Paranormalactivity3... WASN'T scary! The ending was kinda lame. I like the way the movie was shot.. looks realistic, somewhat convincing
it's annoying when scrolling through facebook newsfeed and seeing THE SAME EXACT PERSON like it everytime.
well I'm just saying.
Where are you guys? In AZ? I'd definitely come out to see you again...but you gotta play "Wish You Were Here"...lol
I hear ya. Quasi-reverse trip
pear? Nice call. I'll try it and let u know. Thx!
just witnessed a hole in one, 5 north
Im faded faded faded
these girls are having a conversation like right by me... like 5 inches away from me...
Florida, where the only thing that walks is a killer.
RT : Go to for good sample videos <=TY for that! Gr8 variety ;)
TGIF but first another trip to the data center
"Let's revel in wasting our time as adults romanticizing about the wasted time of our youth"
key words for 2012 - recyclopath, personalization, and give-a-nomics...what do these mean to you?
putting up the Christmas tree today.Brett will be gone until tomorrow..do we decorate with or without Brett??
Don't give up !! As long as your with 's team you're in good hands!!
Also thanks to for the live tweets!
If you want to be happy, set a goal that commands your thoughts, liberates your energy and inspires your hopes. Andrew Carnegie
Typical DH project: "Look! I created a map of all the places where Hemingway traveled and wrote!" "Okay. So what and who cares?"
have fun
Excited for tonight!!
My first house will. Def. RT : My next home will have a hammock in the yard.
Im glad I dont have to go to the dentist til june
I'm afraid if I go out, I might not come back until tomorrow...
Bellevue one is open today though. Have you tried it yet?
Clear skies tonight with a low of 30. Tomorrow's forecast will mimic todays.
ima put a video of me showing that booty wrk
Hello Alabama
Are you starting the "reboot" early or just saving yourself or the 5K? Either way good on ya!
hell no lmao
Dancing guy used to do the same thing in my bar (Southside pub) You should see him dance while singing!EMT's on speed dial!!
Of course it'll just be between us. I won't Tweet about it.
Bakery Cafe in Aransas Pass Texas is a must visit if you,re in the area!
Some people who left work at 3 yesterday still stuck on Lakeshore Drive! So glad I opted not to drive.
$2 Domestics, $1 Bombs and 50 cent wings at 9pm! Right now we have Mexican Chicken Pizza, Cheesy Bacon Veggie Soup & Blackened Chicken Salad
am I the only one that thinks the whole concept of friends with benefits is dumb?
Life is not about what you've done or what you should've done. It's about what you can do and what you will do. <3
The Smithsonian Latino Virtual Museum's immersive learning, online community in Second Life - effective or not?
But, I stand by my point that we should welcome anyone who attends a concert, not scold them for not knowing "the rules"
Happy birthday!
On way to boston for show ROYALE! Gonna b an awesome set tonight!
Coaches, w/the new rule change on phone calls to 2013s, we have a lot of d1 caliber 13 players. Get in touch & we will pt u in rt direction
Nothing says "ready for the season" like getting shut out by the Cardinals.
yeah, think you have it under control
Me too. With VJax gone though? Think they move to a Pats style offense?
I will not be there to visually support the #Lakers today, but my <3 is in the staple center, sitting next 2 Jack. #NBAPlayoffs Go
congrats buddy. you should buy Kyle Busch a case of
can i get a follow please, and how happy are u ot have Crawford as a teammate?
Excuse my lingo when i call you hoe but bitch u know i talk like that
This is nuts! Calling security for the fans now! Throwin shit onthe ice.
thanks love!! <U+0001F618>
": RT : My stomach hurt/ did u eat white castles?" lmao fart burgers
Two popular accounts I love now follow me! :) yay.
I vote for a Fusco and Carter spinoff from this show.
JB is amazing.I like his song Never say never with Jaden Smith.The song show pictures about the movie Karate Kid with Jaden who acted.
most important person to rep social media for an org is the one who's passionate & knowledgable, not necessarily the tech guru
More picks in action: Angels, Phillies, Indians, D'Backs, White Sox
How about the "Governor Walker Program for Kids Who Can't Read Good?" #zoolander; Serious answer: "Right to Read Program."
We're back from a long weekend in #Napa and #Sonoma with lots of new wine on its way. Did you discover any new favorites recently?
Who of you will be going to the La Quinta Arts Festival, March 8—11? Just curious...
According to twitter, attachment parenting makes a lot of male comedy writers hard. What a bunch of perverts!
was absolutely phenomenal narrating Goliath by Thank you for a lovely experience. Read more YA books, please!
I miss the days when OH actually meant Oh.
Shel Waggener speaking on NET+: This is a time of creative chaos; that's our sweet spot in higher ed."
how about highfives? Is that weird too?
Wish me luck for the Nature Of The Beast MMA Gear and Apparel Contest <U+2665>
Life is like a rose garden - Watch for the thorns and keep the pest dust handy.
thanks babe
On set this morning with Ed Begley Jr. and Rachelle Carson-Begley. Look out for 'How to Succeed at Birth'....going to be hilarious!
Heard you're coming back, is it true? ;o
Psst..just heard the Blellow API is in final testing & will be open to a few developers in the next few days...want in? Let us know!
no heather... U r always good to me. U know this :) call/text me. Lol
All the #Bobcats need at this point is a blindfold and cigarette.
Dancing well, show me what you can do girl All dolled up, you know what we came to do girl.
Damm dare is a storm coming
THE BEST DAY OF MY LIFE. <3333
I would say that that referring to a 2-yr-old piece is inadequate, but she's only slightly more relevant than Pettus now.
Great motivation Baby!<3
Worked too long today opening a safe...should have been a simple job,...but it wasn't!
All good examples. You see they're making a Taken 2?
i have seen many that are not.
Why is it if a girl has sex with a bunch of guys, she’s a slut, but if a guy does the same thing, he’s a homosexual
Hi Janit! Miss U... follow Easter is coming and I'm starting to get the word out about baskets 4 kids!
Which burger did you order?
First it was fire trucks... then police cars, maybe an escort... now BIG helicopters around Logan/U Street.
They'll be popping the champagne for Josh Hamilton tonight. Oh wait. Never mind.
When I grow up I want to be like Ip Man
Accidents happen ;-)
nice article on the Gonzalez brothers' show! Made me feel like I was at the concert... ;)
Four cops within two miles. Really?
JUST SAW YOUR VIDEO- Contact our volunteers in Addis and this can be ONE DAY OF AWARENESS! We do weekly programs #MOVEMENT!!
is wondering - so what will The One is offering to those who don't unclench their fists?
Can't wait to get off work so I can head to the GYM!!!
Bitches is condescending , there methods are never ending.
Note to app developers: *please* stop using push notifications to send marketing intended to get your users to use/play your app/game more.
Love that people are shocked by questionable (& incorrect) Shakespeare authorship theories bc of a Hollywood film. Late to the debate, guys.
yay Zoe!!!! Worst movie ever but great night :)
i broke my shoulder (:
You keep making me week!
RT : The Sherriffs dept. found him 2 miles away down the road with his shirt off!! Thank the Lord//!!!! glory.
I've been slowly making my way through #dragonage ultimate edition. I think I'm about halfway through the main quest.
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude.
Send a note to staff after meeting to remind them of your mission
health was terrible....
And to you i say goodnight
City says they have 7 witnesses, willing to knock it down to 5
I must be getting old. Still tired from Saturday. I spent almost 10 hours at the track then hit up 3 Galas.
yes i love making friends always
Only if you want me to listen ;-)
Weekend trip cut short unexpectedly. Not happy about it at all. Now what?
woohoo! Can't wait to see everyone! It's gonna be a trip lol
it is just music and expression ,, let it be, u can voice some dislike but boycott over a 5 min song that will be forgotten
Hello... Hello... Is this thing on?
Cloudy, breezy and low tide. I think I'll go to the beach.
i hate complicated girls.. more than anything
C'mon ESPN ": Seriously? RT Which is a better day for football fans: #NFLDRAFT day or start of #CollegeFootball Season?”
i also sent you the jpeg artwork link for precise single "it's on me" check your gmail inbox.
I just saw that on t.v. !
just chilling, trying to figure out what exactly austin's doing. I think he's sleeping. Do you know?
Why is your avatar a close-up of your (*cough cough* big ole) head ?
I kinda feel bad...but I had to be honest :/
I respectfully disagree. And also, I may need to shop at different stores. RT: Gents-your jeans should not have ass buttons.
Times like these I need I don't know which shoes to wear,
that is so gross!!!
#Texans here we go time for lift off and get this win boys
They care far more about embryos and fetuses. The actual women? The number of fucks they have for them? ZERO.
Oh goody, high school drama, and I wasn't even there for it but am somehow involved
wished you could have celebrated turkey day with us too!
RT : Excited to have been selected as the composer for the film Tommy Button! Samples underway, ideas flowing [congrats!!]
kind of a bummer of a day...our womens hockey team lost in national championship game...to the Gophers. Still a great season!!
I have put everything in Tupperware to protect from the ants....time for bed..if anyone needs me I'll be curled up in a plastic storage tub!
So please stop wright like I'm gone and I'm ignoring you and everything is horribale bc I'm not in your life
thanks for follow check out #teamf2a & the podcast
: Good luck on your knee surgery Matthew. Hope all goes well, and you are up and around in no time. You will be in my thoughts.
Health is so boring .
I hate when I text people and they dont text back!!!
You know Marc Gasol et Zach Randolph are crying while watching this.
The team that wins any drill must make a FT to validate the win.
ONE-LINER: Judge a man by his questions rather than his answers.
Banana or peanut butter bagel this morning?
laying in my towel after that shower >>>
follow me back please! #FOLLOWMEAUSTINMAHONE <333333333333
And they who for their country die shall fill an honored grave, for glory lights the soldier's tomb, and beauty weeps the brave. ~Joseph...
working with a lot of great people as of late, a new EP is on the horizion...
Sometimes I feel like I'm wasting my time on you, but I can't let go.
I really hope this works out...
Why haven't I already read a bunch of Samuel Delany?
Hope everyone has happy hearts and the sweetest of dreams goodnight fine people stay biscuit!!! :))))))))))))))) massivesmileage
Didn't know chimpanzees eat monkeys. That's like eating a 2nd cousin...
Were so loud we need ear plugs!
No GB meetup, but hope your keynote went well! Thanks to for her help organizing our upcoming Skype session! :)
tax n right
As a constituent in your district/state, I urge you VOTE NO on the House Appropriations CR Bill for 2011.”
On my way to drunkness now fuck the bs! Haha
do you have a show tonight? Me and were thinking of coming by and krumping it out for a little bit.
#AtAGhettoWedding the groom takes off the bride's thong instead of her garder haha
Was at today looking at shoes, salesman asked me if I needed help, I started to answer (yes) and he just walked away.
MW3 is similar in pace MW#2 but much balanced.
that's all we can do.
I've played that game many times before. I love it but my wallet doesn't.
So left over Pizza and Croissant are not fuel for Training lol
All I want is a beautiful day spent outside with my <3'd ones.
A thankful attitude releases so much joy in your life.
On saturday is having a pig roast in the street! We'll be hosting the Church Brew Works Brewers!
i bought a second ticket, if you're interested
nice airball Pierce
Happy Martin Luther King day!
I love this!! Tx for sharing!
Was going 2 download The Vandals as well.. easy boy, one album at a time.
“Some of the worst mistakes of my life have been haircuts.” - Jim Morrison, lead vocalist of TheDoors
Do I smell a hoee!
frank sinatra and coffee <3
Of definitely! If I come back to Texas I would want to work with the Tribune again.
[2Tim3:16-17] All scripture is given by FatherGod & is profitable for doctrine+reproof+correction that we may be perfect+full of good works.
There's nothing like a good ol' power nap to get you through the day! That and some Dunkaroos. Wait! Am I still 9 years old?
Im mad bored now
Today is the "Webmaster`s day" congradulations!
u really from the islands aint u lmao
Awh I bet she is! Does khali play with her at all or is she scared of her??
When guys interview, wear blue, black, or grey suit, white or blue shirt, conservative tie. Garcia
Flickr too, actually...
"We need to fight it with intelligence" & a great deal of energy. We ALL have to mobilize to combat this worldview.
American does not have any coach or business class award travel to Asia for my dates. Looks like l'm flying first class!
Maxine Waters is the Queen of Nimrods
For more info., u can go to our site- www.3sgiants.com. Thanks everyone! :) Our group, Elby Brass, CD- www.elbybrass.com/music! :)
Nap time
Hate crimes
Nothing wrong with a thick chick ;-)
you don't even have 5000 followers dumb ass -.-
Enough of the #whitneyhouston coverage. Let her rip
Thats the sweetest thing ive ever heard alex :)
I finished the poem for my Big Momma. Ily always my dear!
Saying this with literally no trace of irony: Congrats! RT : I just deleted my account, felt great.
Spring break starts... Now
Smile. RT : So much negativity from people lately, its really dragging me down
rain and flurry. I forgot mine too.
#schoolmemories being fat.
I hate the moment when I realize the bus would have been faster than the metro.
ily , imu , i luv you , love you < fuck that, if you mean it , say it RIGHT.
"How dare you save my wife?!?"
east coast representt
I am concerned for is the Roger Sterling of the culinary world....minus the boozing and philandering. Probably.
lmao everybody gettin on ha head smh. When are these females gone learn
I'm afraid my lack of math skillz is going to hurt me on this online Algorithms class. Good thing I have a smart wife to help me out. :)
I know. Lost skill in this area
R u following us on facebook?! PLS Do...facebook.com/JHU.ProjectRESTORE
“You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.”~ Dr. Seuss
I spent 1 hour Bicycling. 766 calories burned.
Sometimes I just want to fucking kick my brother in the face <U+0001F621>
I am getting obliterated by lol. I expected it to at least be competitive.
That's cool! Hope you score big!
Have a great day, everyone.
i still don't . i checked my sources. lol
XD lol i mean you're right! when you said that's nice! lol XD
And so it continues...Love it!“: Jack in the box recruiting artists are now looking for data architects.”
My patience with people who refuse to walk 10 feet to put up a buggy is wearing thin. Also, I hate Wal-Mart.
I won the GTTV contest fair and square.
Just touched down in Boston, so many Dunkin Donuts sightings already. What a welcome sign.
I miss y'all too! <3
Imaginary Rock 'n' Roll Thesis: The Longevity of Joe Perry
Side effects suckk.
Getting close! RT : Dont forget the 100th follower gets a free meal at Fayes!!
Last but not least, congrats to Flower on tying Barrasso in shutouts and wins! So many great things happened this season.
Clean, fresh sheets make all the difference!
ah, the Dim Sum makes it all worth it in the end. Enjoy the walk over there. :)
Thanks for following us back!! Hope youre having a sweet week!
Refamiliarizing myself with Django -- have two apps planned already!
this guy with a missing eye keeps staring at me. *gulps*
I need a guy with "The Truth"
Mm this job used to be fun. This bitch is getting on my last nut. Sorry for the language, I've been irritable lately
Fail 1st time coz of wrong case. Fail 2nd time bc I start to doubt my answers & try smthng else. Fail 3rd bc I'm freaking out
#salute to you my brother!!!!
i have like twitter rampages at like 3am every night... that's what happens when you don't sleep like a normal person..
I woke up to discover that my birth control pill pack threw itself in the trash. The suicide note said that it had never felt so irrelevant.
Thanks for spreading the Cabot love ;-)
did Monkey Girl go up today at brewery?
Very stoopid...no intelligence..in no FUNKK..attitude is everything... Peace!
I think it would be better if the Suns started Childress instead of Brown.
true. Fear of what ppl don't understand works, after all that's why we are in all these wars & conflicts today
IDA's helped New Mexicans are entering colleges, universities and vocational schools and increasing the skills of the workforce.
upside-down is in right now.
NICE!!! Good call man
you just retweeted a fake account, I wonder whose nudes those actually are
Gourmet Protein - Recipes from Better Fitness Daily Enjoy this gourmet protein packed dish Seared Ahi Tuna (Serves 2) INGREDIENTS 2...
Just finished killing some zombies and now listening to Crystal Castles=Algebra 2 Class c:
thanks! and same to you
58 degrees today. Melt that snow so I can golf!
u have study hall? Wanna trade ? (:
Have Sunday Brunch with us and enjoy our Breakfast Burger or Breakfast Burrito.
Happy Leap Day!
Get a massage (no, not that kind)
The rain is expected by 10PM With temperatures around the 50s
Ur pretty much just horrible! Toms my fav now
doin a good job man. with all respect keep it up. u doin somethin good.
I followed her!!!!!
That awkward moment when someone skinnier than you calls them self fat.
3 Seasons Deep And Still Wondering Why Nobody Told Me About This Show Dexter....It's So Serious...
SKINNY NIGGA but im tat tat tatted UP!!!!! {FOLLOW ME} If u have tatz lolz
covering school funding march en route to #pdx Pioneer Square. I've got you covered once it arrives - 4/5/6
Girl you need help. Save yourself.
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open. John Barrymore
Graduating in December? Live on campus at NYU (WSQ)? Did you know you can stay on campus this Spring? Email us for info:
But he's as tall as Wolverine.
RT ": I rather cuddle and watch a movie with you, instead of going out to a party."
New single #boyfriend has been in my head all day. Well done.
not to that song though !
Don't You Talk While I'm Talking You Better Mute It !
It looks like the weather is going to be summery for the next few days maybe it is time to get a new pair of shorts
someone should so a remix on 's Boyfriend and 's Boyfriend :D i wonder how it would turn on out
Look at meme trackers to see what ideas are spreading
lol what's wrong with your car?
anyone know if it's easier to get to the city from JFK airport hotels or LGA airport hotels? or if I should just quit trying? haha.
RT : The lure = culture RT : Youre fishing. Go where the fish are. And be a fish.
It's gettin' hot in here (so what?)...so come and cool off with a mojito! Yum....
Don't get me wrong, I love giving blow jobs. But if the guy has a tiny dick, it's like, what am I even supposed to DO with that?
awesome!! Go Boys!!
In school -.-
nothing really! What about you??(:
it was nice seeing you, too!
Both Facebook and Twitter are the best platforms in the digital space today.
CEOs that flew on their private jets to D.C. begging for bailouts sticks in my mind as the height of arrogance and insensitivity.
#Tigers just beat the White Sux 10-8. Damn near lost this game in the end.
Nope :( I won't even be at Internet Librarian in Monterey this year. My only CA events will be in LA in November.
Thank you, ma'am =)
A3: Duh, its mobile
Waasssuppp ? Came back to New York . Omw to another flight to Chicago <333
I make a mean hot pocket how's about that deal?
Keep calm and praise Chris Trondsen.
Going through some of my favorite #writers to find and follow. I hope they follow back :)
so far we've covered jodeci usher dirty dancing rumpshaker jump around so yeah we need some Pony too!
Soon i might post things on tumblr.
This snow is making me crazy because I'm not in Vermont!!
YOLO No fucking shit I only live once you running around saying it doesn't make me want to live
We'll be catering the Texas Omicron tailgate this Saturday. 200+ people! We'll also be open & serving out of the shack on 24th & San Antonio
give tixs money to bergs.
Oh captain, oh captain! have you figured anything out yet
Friends with angelic beings maintained through generosity. Generosity is the foundation of a loving terrestrial and celestial connections.
Alex is currently sorting through books donated by our friends and supporters- and there are A LOT, but we will always accept more!
that view is so pretty it looks fake!
2nd week of may baby.
I feel like you secretly hate me sometimes.
okay. Fine. I will.
DONE WITH THE SEMESTER
Bmv tmrw. Gonna be fun.... Lol. So close to being able to drive our car!!! :)
Has pinterest been a good tool for you? Seeking advice from the greatest :)
heii I am a big fan of them hihi :)
Does anyone at RISD have a solid state relay I can borrow? cc Risd Architecture / RISD : Digital + Media
aw feel better soon! that sounds awful. what happened?.catch the nastiest flu out there?
whas goin down with the track my bro?
My girlfriend left me because of my obsession with Linkin Park. In the end, it doesn't even matter.
PIERRE just landed #Union Station. Window opens at 11:30
Why the hate for riley cooper . You can all shut your faces.
yes there is a race 3pm sat
Thanks to for coming out to #OurGreatestYear. Great talkback about Byner and a naked Browns locker room.
Ha! Cute! The story and apparently your butt.
#sandovalcounty taxes are going out today- let me know if you want to contest them!
no way, you're polyamaris and want to have sex with me and my girlfriend?
On the Ave: Drunk girl "what if I was a man?!" Drunk guy to me "very nice"
Call or come by today for Anthony DAvis Presell TIckets (each ticket good for 1 autograph)
// One must take solace in the fact that those who truly love you will always forgive you and will appreciate the new you!
Family Guy is hilarious!
#cpac rick Scott Florida gov coming up
I do what I want
Great tweet!!
When you shower together to save water. You're welcome fossil fuels.
what a wonderful view you have :)
Harris Teeter ranks sixth in Consumer Reports grocery rankings
I'm a Gatorade man myself, but might switch of I could get a delivery like that!
I feel guilty about nothing... but I do love SORORITY BABES IN THE SLIMEBALL BOWL-O-RAMA so much I'm getting a tattoo of it.
Sarah Palin teams up with Sisqo to record an R & B tune about herself--- "The Wrong Song" (wrong wr-wrong wrong wrong...)
Just have to get through dinner/cake/presents first. ;) But I'm SO tired!
yes, pão de queijo is amazing. And it's even better in Brazil. :)
Shaking My Head
BTW is my back-up husband if things with Niall don't work out.
rainy Saturday
Lol! Struggling artists.
"The question...is not whether you get knocked down. You will.The question is, are you ready to get back up..fight for what you believe in?"
Galaxy excited to finally get their man in Ireland's Keane
well you tweeted me
Hope everyone had a fabulous #hangover free weekend! We'll be giving out some samples of Closing Time in a little bit so stay tuned :)
Someone start a petition against James Lankford, no redheads in congress! :)
Bitch, please. You've had more relationships than my grandparents had birthdays ;o
"donut objects to marriage, graduate style"
My heart goes out to you. Teachin' ain't easy.
Aliens are real.. If you don't believe that go suck a dick
56 Million People Watched Obama's Speech About The Death Of Bin Laden..Those Were The Only Ones Left With Jobs Who Could Still Afford Cable
I still need all your numbers! My phone got wet and lost 500 of my 750 numbers!!!
Be sure to visit the "Power-Up" Lounge at SXSWi. AT&T Center, Room 301.
Hustel'n n the name of music!Throw me a share!www.reverbnation.com/rufar0 thankz :)lets blues out
Gentlemen ~ & ~ Thank you for your kindness.
I see anotha one at his neck, lol
Yeah white wrote meaning books refer to Blacks as Ni**a/Ni**er. World book dictionary says
go on an adventure!
I bought some bacon from the Dupont market recently, and it was the BEST bacon ever.
Cheese making class. Fri Apr 27. Feta, mozzarella, ricotta, and fondue.
Some people are just terrible at trying to be funny with their sarcasm.
Husband & 4 kids just threw me the BEST 40th Birthday Surprise Party!!!
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not. — Andre Gide
#teamamelia all the way!!!!!!
“: Who's hotter Theo or Peter?” me
you are so on top of everything!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME ZACH.<3
Read, read, read. Do, do, do. ~ Louis L'Amour
...yo bro. wus good with you?? Hey are you able to record over there? i got a joint i need your flavor on...lemme know!!
Answer to July 5th's Interesting Health Fact of the Week: The adult human brain weighs how many pounds approx? 3 Pounds!
Getting the iPhone 4s
#OneThingilove would be a nice walk in the rain with my boyfriend at night :)
Such a beautiful day in New York City! Perfect for a nice cold alcoholic beverage. Any takers?
RT : Exploring Thoughts: there are so many talented artists & I officially live in DC's coolest neighborhood.
Good morning, all! I hope it's a great day you're making.
There's something awesome about jammin out to Hootie and the Blowish in 85 degree weather with the top down and movie star sunglasses ...
how's it going? I'm gonna be late for the civil wars.
A day without sunshine is like night.
I feel like I am one of those "android users that are ruining Instagram" All I can say is sorry.
Italians dont watch football on Christmas, we watch The Godfather.
Thanks, man. US has to knock down the outside looks. Long rebounds = transition hoops for the Orange = typical disgusting display
Well said there... RT : U are wat u think... So if u can reason with the logic of a fuck boy ... Then i kno u a fuck boy
Thanx 4 the love. God bless.
“: Lets welcome chef Tetsuya our new executive sushi chef ” bring on the sushi!
I already said no to her haha.
I'm ashamed to say I'm more into the Foo Fighters performance than Chris Browns..
Can fill out welfare/ food stamp application under a minute but can't fill out a job application
thanks Brother :)
you miss my point. Being drunk with the #Roaddron and you is better then being drunk with 5 people
I got u my brother
LOVE watching commentating the Super Bowl and not playing for it!
I'm excited, nervous, happy all at the same time!!
If the San Antonio Spurs win the NBA championship, I hope makes a joint for it!
people who tweet about their whole life on twitter
And you can't fight the tears that ain't comin.
eeeeevverryyy one please follow !!!
Now you're just somebody that I used to know.... Damn song can't go a day without listening to it.. Why must it be so good???
Finally on Twitter !! What up
Jean Wilkoski, Bonnie Rowan, , , Bonnie Rowan, Katerine Croake, Janet Leno. To name a few.
9 days! Excited to meet artists, designers, thinkers & doers at The M! Who? We're the sunny side up design lecture series!
“: I believe in 2nd chances.. I just don't believe everyone deserves one.”
Hey, don't hate, this is a gift from the Gods!
Okay everyone tune into the Presidents address to congress, especially my generation. # Yes we can, cant wait till Election time.
so toss away stuff you don't need in the end, but keep what's important and knows who's your friend Smile!!
Real classy move by Artest elbowing a guy in the back of the head. And really classy LA fans cheering him .... Disgusting on both ends.
What did the papa ghost say to the baby ghost. Fasten your sheet belt.
RT : THE STATE: MIDNIGHT! Tomorrow night! April 28! Scott Pilgrim vs. The World! Only Six bux!
“Doubt is not a pleasant condition, but certainty is absurd.” – Voltaire
lol thats why i put it in spanish
On plane: as always, DC-ers should hide the youth and the whiskey.
In STL for MCMLA. Just learned about various technologies. Yesterday was a PubMed refresher. My librarian brain is being fed.
The american people are smart enough to know Obama didn't have a damn thing to do with killing Osama.
I wrote your name all over the eggs my little sister let me have <3 LOVE YOU!
Dear Researcher, How do you occupy my reading room for 5 hours without leaving once to go to the bathroom or eat?
Just got my new cover flats for The Betrothal! They look beautiful!
Haha How Long Have You Had A Twitter?
hear hear. are these tech jobs? I thought maybe that was just part of the culture ...
I got to get me some goddess braids but in a way that I haven't seen
all that said, blks (by and large) do vote against their own interests when they support gay marriage bans.
thank you for following ! (:
Desk jockey by day? Give your body a break & stretch your spine in a wide legged forward bend. Your back will thank you!...
Just the mention of a business name can be consider a citation. Name dropping 101: Brag about your rank-ability! ha...but seriously
Jamming out with my best friends...
My library has a barbershop inside. Will have.
Dear Karma, I really hate you right now, you made your point.
“Receive Jesus today with respect and thanksgiving.”
5 lbs Korean Short Ribs (Gal-Bi) finishing their marinade and getting ready the fire.
I love Pigeon Toe! Lisa is an inspired designer!
RT Happy Womens Day! We do what we have to do! Another example of
Great article and I loved how you are teaching your daughter to wait. I'm trying to find this balance of work/play w/my 3yr old
oh good because I just wiped down my arms & pits with them
NOT TIRED
The heat won't lose this series they jus makin it interesting to give the media somethin to talk about
I just discovered that the Cook Islands have .ck as their ccTLD. They also chose to use the UK model of .co for companies
FB Moms- drop the kiddos off at Zuma Fun Center while your shop this Holiday Season :)
Are you going to work out today? If so, let us know by clicking "like"!
I live in a "ethnic" neighborhood. Wouldn't a silent film in a "ethnic" neighborhood be hard to accomplish?
Oh my. It's almost 4:30 pm here and I just woke up. Forget "night owl"... I'm pretty much a bat.
Oh Yeah! haha Sex 'y'
Im still new to this twitter stuff! What is DM? is it a direct message? LOL! Can't wait to talk-lots to catch up on!!!
If You Gonna Be Rappin On Twitter, At Least Have The Mouth To Say It FACE TO FACE When U Get Confronted -______-
thank-you bro
What a great start of the week & end of the day. Goodnight, moon.
Hey Love!:* When you can, Please check your DMs. Hope you have a Grande day!!:) <U+E328>
Gov't has been along for so long that we tend to forget what it is supposed to be about... It's about what we do together. J Palka
Join for a Picnic Lunch this Sat. 10/22 at the Archives Bazaar! 1pm on the grass in front of Doheney
agreed! I've found the active group of MSFT tweeters are all pretty damn cool. Scott is a great voice for them cc:
We don't really need to hear from Bud after every game.
Season 2 of "Treme" comes out on DVD tomorrow. *Clapping*
can't wait 2 see u tonight!
Braverman. Sarah, preferably.
What a great picture!!
An ep of #Portlandia is being filmed across the street from my parents' house. #IsntThereARuleYouHaveToTweetThatStuff?
haha. I had fun in your live chat! :] hoping for some more soon. :D
Michael Vick probably would have gotten a chuckle out of the dog fight that just erupted in my living room... I however, did not!
“: Wish today was Saturday” I'd like to redo saturday.
Thank you Aaron for the great year!!! I look forward to your offseason humor!
Interesting article; I'd like to know nurse practitioner first year turnover rate;should be much higher like MD
FUCK Twitter... I'm out...
Frosting has both less calories and less calories from fat than peanut butter. Frosting and jelly sandwiches for all.
When Nathanael imitates my accent in the morning you know he's had enough sleep.
Christians stop holding on to a #bible that was inspired by god and written by man by putting his views into words it's sad I wonder
“: #thevow ill admit I cried”SOFT!
Yeah but side swoopy bangs are longer and have less long-term commitment. Still...
Went to Dick's Sporting Goods store earlier today. It's their second day working since yesterday gran opening here in St. George, UT love it
What upcoming show are you most excited for?
tried calling num on your FB page, went to fax. Can we chat for writeups on Zagat/Drink Philly? Good email address?
But at least I won't have to see the Bill Hall replay 10 times today
Hello there! I hope you're doing well!
Dinner tonight with my tandem :) I love Saturdays!
M.O.B
Got free tickets to a early screening of "Battleship" >>>>
: I've had good luck #vegan #ala11. Attiki bar & grill, Gumbo Shop, Carmo Cafe, Green Goddess.
Why you gotta jinx my NYG pick? NO and NE seem ok, but division games scare me. Back to drawing board.
It's a number. You're as young as your mind and heart.
who denied it? link?
yeah who doesn't , he is nice . But Domo is who I bump the most cause he funny af
Damn, Gucci is huge.
Glad you did! It was good. I tweeted a lot. I was pleasantly surprised, they gave me a bit of hope. Santana knocked it out.
Don't tell me you gonna hang up an don't do it cus I'll cut it short an hang up my damn self.
Stevens.. and Warped Wednesday were my favorites. I miss the old Fuse. :/
She's a rich girl Buying all the clothes Wrist full of gold You already know She's a rich girl Yeah, she's got cash Pocket so thick. <3
Hey whiteman...do you perform in Philly?!
Today I dyed my eyebrows lighter to match my new hair color but they looked so scary that I darkened them again. Now they're a medium brown.
Woman at airport restaurant orders eggs Benedict, eggs well-done.
I'll be driving up from Norfolk, VA. Hopefully the blue #SportingKC section is big enough for me to spot so I know where to sit.
Haha they should be friends.
Super 8 was super awesome!
more than likely by end of week we will email you with live date and time. We've been talking about doing hockey. Hopefully soon
“I don’t care if you need to stay up crying all night long, I will stay with you. There’s nothing you can ever do to lose my love.”...
the pink really adds the appropriate emphasis to that. BTW, I'm holding you publicly accountable to your new 1/2M time :)
That was lunch. More margaritas tonight in Augora.
Thanks for the #followfriday ! Glad we're a fav of the week. You're one of our favs too. Hope you enjoyed the rest of the event.
There is nothing wrong with wanting a life partner. We are social creatures and require connection to others for survival.
Happy Wednesday all! We wish you a great and successful day.
smart move.
Q2 Windows that open. Natural light. That's all I ask for these days.
I always forget this dress has pockets.
Lol I love to look at the clothes my mom thought were cool in the 70s.
things are going great.
"We are all in the same boat, in a stormy sea, and we owe each other a terrible loyalty." G. K. Chesterton via Ken Pope
Keeping #ANC up-to-date every day #FF:
Several committees have been set up at #OccupyLA: food, city relations, waste, demands, medical, media, security, finance, civic engagement
Teach me how to act my own age because I find acting like a 12-year old much more entertaining.
production meeting. Film people really abbreviate stuff. "rom-com" = romantic comedy, fyi.
oh so you're a cow now.? Lol anyways whats up?
I think your piece was really balanced and nuanced, hence good feedback. That said +
I want you Forever, forever and always. Through the good, the bad and the ugly people whatever.
I seriously just got back with bottles because my nerves CANNOT TAKE THIS.
when?!I'm in USA but I'll watch on YouTube!<3
Listening to the latest rough mixes and feeling very pleased. (Special thanks to !)
Bulls Played hard doe if Miami stars was out in da playoffs dey couldnt play wit dat effort
Why can't monday be another sunday
Thank you! RT : I thoroughly enjoyed the program at Tanglewood yesterday. Bravo to you, the pops orchestra and the vocalists.
my truth is to alex, "Truth is, I think I know you"
Between getting hit by a car and robbed at gunpoint this year. My nerves are GONE!!!! I don't trust ANYONE lol
good morning everyone. ready to tackle the day :)
Just watched a bio on Freddie Mercury. He was amazing, to say the least. Here's my salute to him, a rock legend.
where'd you guys getting it from?
yes but that second step is a doozy
Meet SMI #amamrc in Atlanta, e.g. #eye tracking for #POS studies
At Five Guys in Aiken SC. Masters tomorrow!
Compendium's Chris Baggott "Blogging is a spectacular acquisition tool."
thanks for following
Follow me is a Awsome account related to Sex Dating ;P
That's the absolute worst feeling in the world.
It was so foggy I couldn't find the school so I turned around and went home.
always think about where u r heading nd never forget where u came from
History's Heroes: 2/1/2003 Astronauts Husband, McCool, Anderson, Ramon, Chawla, Brown & Clark die as Columbia reenters Earth's atmosphere.
-- You realize how bad your arm hurts doing that after awhile?? ow!
I love watching The Notebook.
Yes, we ARE the REAL Poker pro Magazine! Thanks Twitter for everything :)
You can always play Cordova! ;-)
sorry chad. Good morning :)
we could've had a sugar coma party!
Often* RT Saw Balloons in the sky this morning...does this happen offer here in ABQ?
now floating up and down I spin colliding into sound like whales beneath me diving down.
and no work emails!
back to my movie
the ever-watching eye of Elmo
well at least it has a smaller percentage of brutalist/sixties block campuses than Europe! Gotta admit that. :)
thanks for the follow :)
you music makes my heart smile ! Thank you for all that you do #grateful for
#sacscoc End of general session.
so u bringing a date tonight aren't you?!
Got a new space... Getting the keys on Tuesday!
#josswhedon thank you!!!!
Madison's mom was creepin....
Follow me :)
Be classy.
hell yeah! And they can't win or lose without talkin shit!
The british are coming. The British are coming.
Good lord Scott Walker is freaking insane.
Argentina vs Brasil - I say MEXICO
oh sorry ^_^
#Romney #Dodge on Banking Bailouts
Proper breathing is the fundamental source of healing.
Aye buddy. I hate you. RT a Faygo bottle.
Just go with it is fucking hilarious #ohshitonme hahahahaha
Getting my mom on skype or facetime is like executing brain surgery!
Good Morning Colorado! We would like to donate 30 ppm copiers to non-profits in Denver. Please contact Kim for details 303-778-0600
I think most women know Oprah's famous line...all my life I had to fight.
For all u East End folks (Hamptons) - Pickup So Close to You by Rachel Carter set in Montauk
I forgot to tell you, I took creepy pictures of Brant texting his girl last night ;)
GO STEELERS!!!!
BernCo Commissioner Wayne Johnson calls on fellow Republican Commish Michael #Wiener to step down. Says board may remove him as vice chair!
Such a lost cause
a good list. Stay dry!
nice spot! “: Many more submissions today than usual! You guys must of dug through Mom's shoeboxes...”
That is the worst:( RT : Stinks when your sick and you can't taste the flavors of food!
happy birthday bro!!!! Have fun down there!
Should ADHD meds b taken by children & teens? What is your view on this?. Easy answer is "It depends..". Tweet to me. Good answers so far!
your grace is amazing sis!
it's terrible.
I am ready for this planning process for the east side of McIntire park to be complete. Please send me your thoughts on golf at the park
I have to be late on this one. The Gerald Green alley was ridiculous. #nbajam type dunk... Had to replay it 5 times...
Inside "the marble John Hay Library" I have come home. :-)
Bro i swear at&t can kiss as
View some of your amazing "Success Stories" online at www.baldfacedtruth.org HELP US. HELP YOU.
Why are so many people STUPID??? I mean is it a Fad or something???
k bye
Current Analysis #CTIA Roundup webinar - Enterprise Mobility - End-user Privacy & App Discovery -
Nope, only downstairs. I'll have to check out the open mic sometime!
Nothing better than a spring time hike. Where's your favorite place to escape for the weekend?
I Wished I Could Get An Autograph Of You.!<3
At Sunset Station in Henderson, NV on Wed, a guy in the race book won the $238,000 Rainbow PK6 at Gulfstream Park. His ticket cost $72.
Jimi James is bringing her"A" game TONIGHT!!! At WITZEND
There is nothing like the feeling you get driving down the neighborhood you grew up in.
Just realized us #nicaraguans have that big wavy hair <3
psh, that's old hat.
Nobody talked up the Spurs because they Darth Vader'd the league without any DUNNNNNNKKKKZZZZ
didn't stress write all of those nice waltzes? Wasn't that stress?
That iRobot commercial is hella tight!!!! Bout' time they used cool ass people lol
Let's Twask again like we did last Summer. Let's Twask again like we did last year. Thx for the follow. Hope u dig the Skwirl. Best
ur just a little excited about this huh
Paul isn't teasing. He's speaking the honest truth.
the excitement in our office right now about is unreal.
Anytime for a sister. :)
Hi there. An e-mail was sent to the admin e-mail. Can you please verify if it was received? Thank you.
Of to skool...math,science,choir and Texas history here I come!(:
It doesn't matter how often I travel, I always over-pack. I pack for every situation and in last 10 years 99% of them have never happened
Staats was a captain of Albany's burghers guard from 1650s to the 1680s.
Never take things for granted<U+2755><U+2755><U+2755>
I did you my homegurrll of course imma follow you back!
I got my mind on the money and the money on my mind$
My friend invited me to a concert for 2013 ^.^ ah!! :) & back stage passes! freaaakin happy!
Celebrity Jeopardy is SO not a challenge. Sheesh....
Any N.C. State Wolfpack fans out there? ACC Tourny!
Activities planned for Preservation Month - Albany Democrat Herald
"I love classic objects/machines that work and never go out of style—my hammers, my anvils, my old typewriters." A good man.
The magical world is a world of endless transformations w/ obscure causes. Nothing is forever when seen through magic spectacles.-S H Sharpe
there no reason! :b
Thanks Florida for being bipolar....again.
Gotta check out Doug Briney's new single, "More than Just a Farm." GREAT song!
I just wirelessly updated my iPhone 4 and iPad 2 to iOS version 5.1.1 - no problems - both are on wifi - update completed in a few minutes
Told myself you were right for me.
we had a great time at Community Day today- Middletown, Township PA! Fun!
A young man who wishes to remain a sound atheist cannot be too careful of his reading. C. S. Lewis
Christmas is fast approaching, and we have Gift Certificates! Come down to Anytime Fitness Freret to check them out!
I'm at the point where my bracket is so messed up that I just root for major upsets
light sweaters rule
Starting out the night with my best pal: Rosé.
Love is blind, but marriage restores its sight.~~~~~~~~~~George Lichtenberg
“Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending. ~ Maria Robinson
RT : . Rodney aka "Uncle Ben" appeared to be a gentleman babygirl. #Vh1ToughLoveNewOrleans<~~not my type boo
You Should Have It Would Have Been Sexy , I Would Have But I Wasnt For Sure If I'd Was You :/
Yo gurl mouth I stretch out..elastic cuz my dick big jurassic!
I thought he was Barry Zito's pitching guru.
RT : RT : RT : RT Q3: What are some of your best tips for networking ONLINE?
sure! What's up?
how did i get 60 bucks in my bag....wtf. is this a joke or something
RASPBERRY MARTINI ~stoli raspberry vodka, stoli blueberry vodka, cranberry juice, pineapple juice, pureed raspberries
thanks for the follow JT
Visiting #drupa? You must see the special performance by du Soleil in hall 8b - fantastic! #xeroxdrupa next one at 13:45 today
Can't wait for Avicii to come to El Paso, Texas! 1/18/2012!!!
yhu r so pathetic,yhu wanted my number, yhu wanted me 2 send a pic....YHUR CRAZY just leave me alone...yhu soo pathetic
“ I fucking hate you guts... and if u want another little slut in your life then fuck it im done!!! #FUCKU!”
I've used a couple, but what is your favorite SMS blast service?
Target is the best.
Dinner with Jaguars cb tonight - XO was on tonight.
you almost scared me there for a second
going to bed goodnight
Hey you! Where are your ladies?? I thought you had a rash of enrollments coming? :)
At the Borgota AC. Playing a $560 HOSE tournament. First big business trip of the year. Feeling good!
If you could only love enough, you could be the most powerful person in the world.
The booys that live next too mee, so sexy ;)
Agreed! RT : Since the Telluride Fest is this weekend, the program announcement today feels like a tease about movies we're...
Just sat through my first graduation #long #proudofmyseniors roll on the next one :-/
there's a quorum of java devs behind me
Get delicious bake goods at Firehook Bakery & Coffee House for your Holidays!! Contact us for your same or next day cake & catering needs!
Cool I have to get another shot and drug test....
Damn its friday n I qot two weeks of school left.! Cant wait.!
" I hate that scary moment when you put a ring on your finger and you cant take it off. 0__0"
ohmygosh thats the cutest thing ever. Stop making me blush amara n_n. I don't deserve such an great friend like u
sad you didn't hit me up for some of that chinese! :(
Do you just have a link for it? Not showing up...
's thoughts when he gets caught, isolated by the wing: "Crap, I'm too far from the rim to dunk..."
Did this drive take the entire half?
Happy Mother's day. unrelated: reading your three part blog series on design. I like that it can be done at a bar :)
LEATHERMAN SPOT CONTEST :: Where can you find the TSA's rules for what is approved and not approved for carry-on tools/stuff?
You had fun filming this week ? (:
Missin you like crazy
Well yeah
puttin in hard work Sinsay Palmer
Casola's in Miami. If you've been there.... You know.
If you're in LA, follow and try ... Amazing gourmet burgers, bro.
Indeed. Go have a hooterriffic day, sir!
Dylan Thomas's response: Scotch.
Yupp I Gots Too It's Hot
for real dude I bought a taser to keep his ass in check
saturday! I don't even have money really saved up and if my mom has to pay for a plane ticket idk about the tour ticket lol
London today: rollerskating Easter bunnies and Jesuses riding the subway. I could live here
garden of forking paths one leading to a paradise of a library its own garden of forking paths. happy birthday Borges
Im just not sleepy i don't understand
This is a must read by — Mitt Romney saving lives in the style of "Baywatch" and "Silence of the Lambs." Who knew?
I am an expert on such important topics.
It's the end of the season, and you know what that means: load up on crafty before I am officially unemployed and starving.
Police radios emerged after the Reform Movement, as did motorcycles and automobiles. The Detroit police were 1st to use automobiles.
Oil change on the ride! Gonna peel out on the exit!
Oh, the perfection! If only I could make mine look (and taste) like a Parisian croissant. Where is the other half?
Awesome time shopping with my wifey #BFFL :))))
lol I need to b there wit ya
game winning goal will be scored by Andrew Luck
#InMiddleSchool I hated everyone
If I bring them today, there's gonna be some stuff missing on them, but they're gonna be free on Monday, All of em
A man's go to do what a man's got to do. A woman must do what he can't. ~ Rhonda Hansome
Finally listened to the entire "In the Aeroplane Over the Sea" album by #NeutralMilkHotel and it was fantastic!
If you aren't watching live, you are probably living.
My dad must have blazed that shit up like everyday cause he's paranoid as al hell
#TimberviewMemories when cedar hill came to our school and tried to fight us
Vote! Wisconsin primary this Tuesday, May 8. #RecallWalker and flip the senate June 5.
i had strawberries, champagne and chocolate for dinner last night, and i decided i'm going to start doing that every night for dinner
Shocker! OK, maybe not... Star & Buc Wild have left the building at Radio One's WPHI (100.3 The Beat)/Philly. Stay tuned for what's next.
He was trending for a reason my friend LMAO
Twitter is being annoying and not letting me follow more than a certain number of tweeps in a period of time.
Also drove from Seattle to ! (Well, might have been other reasons too.)
DUDE FAT ASS FUCK!!
Big Things Poppin.
Yep! I can give you a laundry list. That's not including Tennessee's natural wonders either.
In NYC making moves trying to market and establish the Rich Mac/130 brand!
Holiday family gatherings are stressful because you're forced to face the short genetic distance between you and a completely insane person.
My plans consist of #Diablo3 #betatesting today. It's pretty
You think I pay attention to a nigga named Clifford? CLIFFORD? Nah.
were heading over there now
Consistency wins the race!
0% for the bears in the post season says Joe Buck
Live screen printing demonstrations at bohemian market downtown at 345 sixth ave by consuul! Come check it out!
That's hilarious
why dont people like you i absolutely adore you. *sigh* i hope i get to meet you someday. :)
there is no end date set
My brother is a year and 2 months old and he weighs 32 lbs.
Ugh..work is SO boring today.. :-/
Still, you know you want your own penguin army. Everybody needs a penguin army.
wanna get DP'd while we have our slap fest?
"I learned that good judgment comes from experience and that experience grows out of mistakes."
Do you think Proms are Stupid?
#bizforum Dig the debate format, opp to engage in respectful banter - socratic method for the digital age!
HANNAH G shoots for TEMPTU today!
When you start to hate someone , everything they do begins to annoy you .. them : "*Cough*" you: "OOOOHHH MY GOO "
Those who have found 'God' have no use for you until you find 'God' too.
women's key and editing my NextReads newsletter. i'm a big fan of permission marketing.
aw are you okay girl?!
your welcome, i just uploaded it!! enjoy!!!
I'll believe it when I see it #Punxsutawney, Happy Groundhog Day!
History was made tonight, But did you really think that Baylor was gonna lose.
#haiti Follow Shelterbox USA tweets @ their new site Lets support this org that brings shelter /supplies to victims in need
please follow she is you biggest fan!12
RT : The reason actors, artists, and writers need to have agents is because we'll do it for nothing.
Thanx! Might havta go see it! :) Have a great nite!
Just read an email and I wanna say GOD bless he is way doper than u guys even know refreshing to have sum1 like him in the game
me too #Skank !
Coolin' out uptown with the big homie , and DJ Precision.
tks Shannon cool site : )
The sun is shining– it's a beautiful start to this Tuesday morning!
food. espn. sleep. inventory. THEN A FUCKING DAY OFF.
RT : "I'd rather regret the things I've done than regret the things I haven't done." Lucille Ball
iit was an open invite
that is very interesting. I agree too much time on their hands lol.
Waiting in line at best buy
thanks for the RT. love social enterprises and the creativity they require.
Why I do what I do! ": #MogulTalk Anyone can build a product/service... It's exceptional marketing and PR that makes the winners."
Gorgeous day!! <U+2600>
It feels good to be home (pun intended)
Glad to see ur doing great! Keep us posted on ur #HCG progress! RT A beautiful day shaping up!!! Day #2 of HCG.. Doing great!
best of Luck, see in back in Milwaukee
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 35
I swear, this is the week I will FINALLY get to a game.
'Crisis' is a cool word for something that is not as cool.
awl ok watsup, what's your name on tumblr xp
Art tomorrow with now this shall be interesting;D
Today…IS FREAKIN' FRIDAY ! Hope this weekend is pretty legit !
Drew Paine: Or, How to Live Safely While Rocking Too Hard.
OMG...you OK?
Got my tickets for the flight down to NAB. Vegas twice in one week. Have a gig there weekend before.
HOT OATMEAL! Come and get 'em! Perfect way to warm up on this rainy day.
Absolutely need more "pencil ready projects" started in iur nation! #aia2012 Every $1 in buildings is 20 Americans working!
that is quite possibly the most offensive thing i've ever seen. my determination to hate you is renewed.
ahh haha it's cool. xD I live in Ohio. :( aka hell.
Busy day in the office today, setting up VoIP systems for our customers! ...We do all the hard work for you :D
true. I do have some skills but their a little rusty after some 6 years sitting behind a computer. Dont let it happen to you
Everything in heaven and earth breathes. Breath is the thread that ties creation together. Morihei Ueshiba
Just played another round of "Now I Have to Tell This Asian Person How I'm Not Asian." No one ever wins.
ah, don't fret sir...more where that came from...summer is gonna be good.
“: The cosmos aligned in celebration of birthday sending Twitterverse into #Latism fiesta! #Fuacata!” #wepawave !
Who's ready for some #newmusic !!?? #imback :)
thank you for the twitter shout out :)
The sex is too damn good.
Really glad not to be on Facebook; here, will only hear about Harry Potter incessantly if I choose to. And since I hate HP, I choose not to.
Same here, Mike. Hope you have continued success with the column.
So what are you trying to do after the game?? Im down for whatever
MT honored 2 B speaking w/ Time 2 show the city what our youth is made of!
you're home? YAY!!!
Feels like for ever that I have been in this car. Shat!!!!
Just Ate Taco Bell (:
thank God on a daily basis and things will come around quicker.
boredom is dangerous :/
Shindler: Ebooks make more readers. #laskysymp (True for me, I've read more ebooks since my Kindle app than in 7 years before)
praise always works. Anytime.
just texted you and this time save my number ! (:
I had a great birthday today :) Even if didn't say happy birthday
#PDXfoodcarts enable me to be completely negligent in the kitchen and still eat well for dinner. Not sure if that's a #win or not.
Freaking Grey's Anatomy!!! I don't think I can wait a whole week for the next episode!!!
Jameson's? Well, yes, it's a lovely smooth whiskey. Oh, for me? Are you sure? Well, if you ARE sure... Thank you.
Sounds Good!
Back hurts. :/
Omg hot Koreans at the counter!!!! My day is made!! :D
That's my catch. I absolutely can't afford school. At least not until I either turn 24 or start making more money.
we looken for sum freaks can you play pardon me whats your name dont mistake me for no lame no not me
do you have chipotlaway
Voice =gone.
If you tried it would be ugly. You come off just great. Hope you got that it was meant with humor.
Justin Dior Combs <333333333
Beer, pizza and a slasher novel.
I want people to have like side aches and shit
fuck my friends :p i do EVERYTHING for them and they cant do SHIT for me. this is why i hate people
TeamGoodShit...Cant b stoped Blaze like its no 2marrow
I don't care what cha say, sponge bob square pants can't teach me siht!!!
RT : Act like I don't have to be awake in 4 hours (This. I definitely have class in the morning, lol.)
Josh Smith missed semi-open 2pt FG, long rebound goes to Ray Allen of #Celtics who is fouled
who's all playing that night? i might drop by c: Hawthorne Theater, right?
Wishing all of Indiana’s teachers a wonderful Teacher Appreciation Week. Thanks so much for all of your hard work and determination.
having money is bad..but obamas billon dollar war chest..thats cool...how many car elevator donors gave to that
Jason Bay looks as if he has never played baseball in his life.... Horror story.
I love you like a love song. <3
I hope I win tickets! My mom would bring me but only if I got free tickets!(:
Just checked out the poster for Jesse Griffith's short film entry "Cockpit" starring Ronny Cox, what iconic imagery...terrific stuff.
loves the chi
Monks make common cause with Shaker Village - Concord Monitor
I wonder what the sound is up to. Better go check on it.
oh yes!
Project: Interaction ( & ) will be attending A Better World By Design conference!
Omg Omg Omg she dilated to a 10 now baby needs to come out....so excited
Omgee, Leap Year melts my heart.
Oops, we're sorry. Good morning ! :)
TUNE IN NOW! Dominic is giving away tickets to Six Organs of Admittance as we speak! 91.1 FM or wtju.net/stream
Tellerpalooza is tonight at The Mercury Cafe in Denver. We go on at 8pm sharp, for all you slow movers :)
WOW! Maria is really really good! Goosebumps and tears from this viewer.
Will you be my Valentine?
#WordsINeedToHear I understand why you feel that way
miss being somewhere else besides tennessee! it sucks here! :(
Have you ever had a day that just got away from you? Can it really be 2pm already?
Hey Mike, looking forward to learning more about tonight! Talk to you two then.
Good time for u to retreat and logic knew you would run. Last, The FL law is a self-defense & self-protection law & not abt guns
RT : Wonderful meeting with Kemper Museum of Art team members Margaret Keough & Nicolle Ratliff re partnering on...
?? “: Seau was also the pride of Lincoln, Nebraska at one time”
Consider registering for a charity fitness event. With the date looming, it will help you stay motivated to get fit in time for the event.
Unbelievable product! i cant believe this is gonna be made. must be amazing not to have to open bottles. Twist Aid to the rescue.
No problem :) and he is! All of those guys are sweethearts. Great music and even better human beings.
#marymiss goal for cities is to think of artists as resources they can turn to to engage people on issues
- nope, Pac Div will be on tour with Mac for that leg of the tour, PUTS will be headlining the El Rey in Los Angeles.
Black Ops 2 keeps sounding better & better. It seems like they're really changing the campaign up.
Vroom, vroom! We’re giving away a Ducati Monster 626 at next week. Stop by booth #1117 to enter!
I most definitely am!!!
Great little evening with two sweet girls. Thanks for the healthy, delish dinner.
Thank you! RT always awesome seeing other young professionals who are equally passionate and talented
howz life? Your site is looking pretty fantastic these days!!
#HURTS but I will have some ponies going to ease the pain
got interested in following up old tweets - did the prediction come true? Did gizmo X get used? modern accountability/archeology
Cena killed it, well done.
Wow! Some people never learn.
Love you work on Pan Am. Go Colette!
listen to marry you by .love this song
which arbys? On what street girl?
Looking for #Mother'sDay gifts, book a City Tour or shop at our Gift Shop for unique experiences!
I am picking Lakers all the way! I think this is the toughest series for the Lakers
NIce to know you. Looking forward to your tweets!
My birthday coming, should I throw a party? LMS if so
Thank YOU!
Mixing some music!
can u send me that pic plz
Success or failure in business is caused more by the mental attitude even than by mental capacities. -Sir Walter Scott
When was this said? Do you have a recording?
right.thats it..:D
Me either New York is so MINDLESS! :D follow back!
Me and were talking about how 6 months ago we were looking for chicks to marry. Now we don't even believe in that shit!
Lol Lonely Life <U+0001F494><U+270C>
NYC be jumping 24/7... I need someone to show me this night life 4 one weekend,,,,
Busy weekend! Fri: 6-8, TX State student show Satellite 7-11. Sat: Art from Ashes & featuring
Take your pick...Giants Or Patriots?
Lovely photo.
haha much better lol :) i was kidding but thanks giirl!.
My hair getting lengthy again. ^-^
Secretly hoping they have Call Me Maybe in the karaoke books at #newfavoritesong #whereyouthinkyougoinbaby?
One more Rondo. ONE more reb.
YES, kind of
Breakfast is one of the most important meals of the day, it gets your metabolism moving- Grab a shake and get moving.
regular domestic short hair. Presenting an enclosure design
the interview with goldsmith
QUICK tweet me your favorite food and I'll retweet the one I like best
I hope the Veterans and Military Affairs committee doesn't do what expects and votes for what's right.
I'm excited about my performance tomorrow night in Mayport, FL :D
yea that will be nice but they dont like c webb
Gonna get my nerd on.. About to see The Avengers at LA Live.
Thank you! Have a wonderful time at college! :)
I'll be watching. The Bosh injury will make it a little more exciting.
LOOL Wow you have big hopes
oh ok i love you sis
Plse send recipe! RT : Husband is making jambalaya for dinner in the crock pot. Smells amazing!
ah, that's it!
Marcelo scores Madrid's first ! #realmadrid 1 - 1 Athletic Bilbao.
I met you last night in my dream! You sang at a Yankee game. Coolest dream ever! Better than when I shopped with Hilary Duff!!
Sweaters and dressing rooms, not jerseys and locker rooms. Got it!
I love my #mom <3
If it gets hung I'm moving out.
Spread the word! We are on Google Plus!
Sidney, you're just jealous you don't have a bestfriend as awesome as him!
Be aware that you might experience light depression #PostRace due to a huge dip in endorphins.
What! They got the She Ratchet song on the radio!
Yea! Was so good to see her...a nice surprise. (she's right, btw) RT : my mom says your kid's pretty cute!
57% of shoppers more likely to purchase on a site that shows their friends who have purchased on that site. (Sociable Labs study)
2000+ pieces. Work it, girl!
I'm not about to be working bakery hours and work outside this summer with this afro. I'm getting some braids ASAP.
I held the first practice as the coach for my sons T-Ball team today. Nothing makes you more popular to little ball players then bubble gum.
I'm honestly suprised I made junior prom royalty
Gotta hit your free throws!!!
Ok, but it might work out because I'm having to review and edit a bunch of new R&B material.
if he isn't up by 7 we might need a search party jk
hey buddy!! Keek the interview I want to see how fake they are! Love u cardo ur station is the best!! Xoxox
AYE we havin the ode party
Dude, you're just messing with us now, no?!? MR. THE ALTUVE! If you want Weeks in, put him in your misc/DH slot...
HA! -.- lol RT : The day doesn't get better then this girls in mini shorts and playing football (;
You call me a whore! But yet again your the one sending nude pics to people! Your a low life!
lol u there yet?
Chris is conspiring to create the best Muse of all time. Muse2012#
Get the right people on the bus and in the right seat. Jim Collins
Thx for the note. I'm new-but see the tremendous possibilities for educators connecting thru twitter. I look to learn more.
Happy Valentine's Day my #SmallFrySoldiers ! <3 oh an I almost forgot my cheer team placed 2nd at our competition Sunday! #GoTerriers! Xoxo
lemme work on puttin my project team together... I don't do real work no mo
- Thx Bettinelli...let's catch up next week.
DA's office asks for extension in arraignment of Josh Drabek. No objections from defense. Will be back in court on April 16th.
Or "Desolation Row"
I will and so will everybody else because people love you I love you
Working on the top films of 2011 list. Which is your favorite of the year?
Summer School started this week. Great to have students back in the building! Sharpening reading & math skills. Register for Fall now!
Hey all! Just a heads up, our stage is running behind. - going on now, we'll be closer to 6:40! Come out and have some fun!
Small world! I was there, too! I love socon. Such a great event.
wutz good fam can i dm you a beat?
um, Seran wrap!
You already know bro. All Mac Everything. That's like asking what shoes better jordans or lebrons. Apple!!! Bro
That's debatable but thank you.
Ah, of course. You might be right, but at the moment, Franny has her nose out in front of Sam.
The Rain In Spain, Omg Rachel,
This game is boring
I believe you I'm just a nervous Nancy
Thanks for your fabulous blog post! Looking forward to reading more :)
you have it?
whats good cooks
All Bronco fans should be watching THE DRIVE on NFL Network right now !!!!!
I can't stand it here I want to leave if I could I would right now but no they would call the cops and blah blah blah
I'm out. Later peeps!
I don't think a nervous man intermittently screaming "We've got street performers!" is a very good radio ad, Georgia Ren Fair.
Hackers seem to be the new pirates
I know where the complaining IU fans have gone....to the store to buy their Pacers stuff.
It's so nasty when people smell like soup
tell you what
thanks for the follow! There are a few proud Hoosier alum and parents on our BOD!
yayy off to school-.-
Cuz you dont have swag RT : why couldn't you do that for me?
#q Q&A: What do people in MLM use to assess the business opportunity financially?
usually because they are so drenched in sweat and what not, that when you score you just want it off!
listening to rich girl omfg
What an amazing weekend! Thank you thank you thank you and for packing this weekend!
taking three benadryl this morning before work was probably not the best motivation for a monday but i had no choice..
A new song is in the make'n
lol aw what all u got 2 do and u kno it don't start until 8
Perfect day to stay home and rock an AbFab marathon
awww where? lol your like in love with my momma :)
Yeah I will, one day soon!
Don't forget to all follow each other. Holistic moms and Brain Child moms, sharing fears for now & always! :-)
One day, Thundercats will rule the world.
“: Time for a nice healthy breakfast of hard Liquor.”
Can't wait for the game tonight!
reading excellent health tips by before acupuncture
Dr smooth
Watchin me some
On my way to get these applebees happy hour drinks :)
thank you very much for the push
made a widget.
Did you like Pete's plaid sports coat as much as we did? Bring in your own plaid item, & we'll clean it for free!
thanks for following us we need your help to get us out in the world! are you up to the task? we have candy.
Truffle shuffle!
Ladies, if you can use your weave as your dog leash and successfully walk down the street, it's to long!!!! T you rude
I create my own search Edward Maya
2nd time catching a volunteer reviewer plagiarizing summaries from Amazon. Frustrating. I shouldn't have to police adults.
S/O to it was nice meeting you guys last night and you guys have great music
we hope so! Are you attending SYTYCDX, Vegas?!
Going to WalMart and Home Depot
won't you load photos from #drewrysbluff. There's some good stuff here!
world best On sale all the no no BS! www.varsityjackets09.com we rule! 412 973 8262 Call Bob now
We're taking your trivia questions on the Sporting Explore app. You'll get extra points if your question is selected!
not me...that literally was a nailbiter!
#pokertips Know when you should fold.
Give a man a gun & he can rob a bank, give a man a bank & he can rob the world..
#oomf is my bestiest friends ever
Last night I had my first pot brownie. Then I had three more.
Morning, Missy! Foggy trees by the mall were always my favorite!
Thanks so much!!
Jolene! I've never heard it live and it's my favorite song of yours. I'll see you in Cheyenne again.
thats' okay. I love all 3 of mine like ...amazing amounts....they are part of the family
sick in bed! Waaaahhhhh
I can't believe that I am saying this, but I'm actually excited to go to Summerfest this year. We just got killer tickets for Tiesto
I would not even be on twitter if it wasn't for Austin and Alex -Brooke
hmm save me a plate :)
You who were once far away have been brought near by the blood of Christ... Have hope, have God
found one a mississippi recs last week.Vol 2 at the dug record show a few months back. So im On a new Orleans tangent right now.
Virtual standing ovation for Heck of a game kid!
Feel free to stop by with If you have a timeframe we can make sure we get you samples of our menu.
What is this trick you speak of?
Most of the people I meet in-game don't seem to want to interact, and it follows a pretty standard pattern of MMO fetch quests.
Ask her!
Rejection is fine. In fact I would LOVE to be rejected right about now... It's the getting in the door, that's the hard part.
Liam Payne only has one working kidney.
why do you say that?
if you were elected state rep would you support concealed carry on campus?
Don’t just get things done; get the right things done, and done right.
I'm not in kingsville bro
are you coming to dallas?
have you created an account yet? You're prompted to make an account when you sign up.
With my most beautiful cousin ever she came down from SB (: <3
LOL: Florida vs Kentucky. The Wildcats have taken over this game like the true paid professionals they are. I am enthralled!
Getting ready for the good times...
Third Windows update requiring reboot this morning. WTH?!?
My favorite candy was always Slopokes
"D" stepped it up 2nd half....Bring on New England!
Thanks for the follow!~~~>
then we love you for it ;)
Thanks for The Love. It Was A Good Read. Follow Me _IB
I'll be in TX next weekend... I may cry when my plane hits the ground. I love my home are there any more #peoplelikeus ?
"If I had my life to live over again, I'd be a plumber." – Albert Einstein
Now I understand why a lot of girls turn lesbo! Guys are dumb as eff!!
If u r not watching i.am.first on abc right now, u should b! #sciencerocks #STEM this is what #scied needed
...Anyway, glad the shitty stream ruined that ending! Tuff loss but some good signs for sure
Oh my goodness! I've a lunch for 1 year in the school! My father acquired lot of cookies for a, in the minimum, one year! Sell.
Do you mean that as a noun or a verb? ;-)
Starting my rainy day with a veggie juice and a ballet barre class. I'm feeling so good about this!
Thank you so much to all of my followers. I appreciate you so much.........exciting and interesting people!!
Sad I won't get to see you on the concourse. Good Luck tomorrow :)
Where the buffalo roam
Some guy could cross my path that I might want to give access to my honey and vanilla flavored vagina...
Obvious question: Why do tix sell out in minutes, then appear on reseller sites immediately?
Children are not yet indoctrinated into cultural conventions and appear to be intrinsically programmed to reinvent the world around them.
holy poop. Friend of your bros......holy followers woman! I am not worthy!
same haha for like one day (;
Happy 21st Birthday! told me you were celebrating today. ;) Hope you have a totally #Nicktastic day! <3
do you really want to hurt my feelings?
where the Dallas Girls at
your websites seem to be down or not finished. How can I contact you? Thanks! Bryan
Wish some things were different but I guess you just have to live your life and hope for the best
If only the heat can get past the pacers. If not, bahahaha bandwagon fans.
I LOVE 2011
I'm taking my ass back to sleep now. I was waken up out my sleep.
hey <U+0001F6BA>! Um let's hang Friday, k?
Just saw at Citizens Bank Park.
just followed
could not hold back the tears.
Hallelujah I'm outta there. Time for tunes and brews!
New York :I
Hey , this video auto play shit on your iPhone app has got to go.
He beat me, I give up
Off to Texas in the morning. Hope it doesn't rain until after I take off!
For those interested, I'll be live-tweeting my life for the next 57 years. Stay tuned.
I got mean at the end. I used words like "off-putting" and "annoying."
I feel better now that I did some #Yoga I am pretty sure i am addicted now lol
thanks you, thank you!
Best show evar. :D
What an interesting and wise point. Thanks! Your nice words are making my good day even better. :)
We love & John P!
It's all kids all morning at the FFL! Join us for First Steps at 930, Kiddie Cafe at 10 and Terrific 2's and 3's at 1030!
In fact, dear lady, I came here to find out what was going on. I rarely do twitter. Go to G+ I can send you an invite.
I want to move to California <3
What is everyone doing for Fat Tuesday tomorrow night?!
What Ray Rice fumbled once in 2010 unfortunately it was the game against the steelers.
i'm lighting obsessed at the moment, and the holidays have made me a candle hoarder.
Some days I just want to be lazy .
Gone with the Wind is definitely among my favorite movies adapted from books.
thanks for the shoutout.
: Why? Whats goin on with Nick?
#Idol is nuts good this year... Just sayin!
Excited to show off our new murals today!
Hey can you please RT I'm a huge fan!!
Have you ever stood in a room filled w people and u feel like you are the only one in there? I have....
In Life You Always Win & Lose... But It's The Experience, Wisdom, Knowledge That You Gain Forever.
I can't believe this is real. So many judgments ... just wait until someone tells this guy about Wilco!
Yes! And it was so...nomnom. I think that is the technical term?
Me too, lady!
We've got far too many hung juries and not enough hung defendants.
Watched an incredible movie this weekend, FAIRGAME. AWESOME Script, brilliant acting and directing. Congrats!
Is there really such a thing as a waste of calories??
RT if you love to color
GUESS WHATS TRENDING WORLDWIDE!!!!! AH
New youtube show (My Life) commin soon...STAY TUNED !
I MUST STOP PROCRASTINATING!!!!!!
hug the haters and fuck the fans
Wild, right? The real kicker is that he a strong producer...doing more business that his 47yo grandson!
Gotta love people who talk obnoxiously loud on their phones in pubic places... Not! You don't need to yell to be heard lol
YEA B*TCH YEA B*TCH CALL ME T.Y.C.O.!!!
One of Boston's best days of the year today with the #marathon and #redsox! I loved running as a #bandit in '99. Stay hydrated runners!
Use work effectively: Sit on a stability ball to strengthen your core, and keep dumbbells or exercise tubing at your desk and do a few reps.
"You must safeguard your soul, you can never sell, never surrender or let them steal your soul." Exceellent point from !
Finally got my new Droid incredible 2, not bad for a penny.
Im in the money!
hit the three wheel motion on the way...u got our shirts?
my Bulls. fuck !!! i hate they out S/O to the whole team
BREAKING: New York Mets owners and trustee for Madoff fraud victims settle for $162 million. (via AP)
Another sunny day in sactown..
Hello, how was everyones day?..
Follow us on Facebook and Twitter to get inside deals and news!! Share with your friends so they can "like" us too!
I need to die for five minutes, so I know if a God or some shit like that exists.
I wish they would have seen this episode before recording the reunion!
Can I get you to try once more? I used an html override, and it looks good on this end... Thanks, and whew!
Thanks for the RT yesterday!
it's ok haha talking 2 someone's better then homework
thanks for the RT!
If you stop looking and just accept what is then you really will know God.
u talk to Sor?
what time at the kca's coming on??
The first time I went to Five Guys my uncle instead of pronouncing it right he said "Five Gays" lol
Glad I got to work on 2 quilting projects yesterday. It did the spirit good.
Lol, i already know you(;
Blake Griffin is still begging for calls.
Television enables you to be entertained in your home by people you wouldn't have in your home.
LOL, I should get one. Although my cat is pretty stealthy during storms. I'd never be able to keep him still to put a shirt on
It happens lol and not rude if its ur job to tweet! : Is it rude if I tweet while on a conference call? Whoops, too late.
Steak n shake breakfast
If your "so over Jelena drama" then stop fucking tweeting about it. Your just adding to the drama by telling other people to shutup.
Gotta love having phantom bruises all over from soccer
Yes! Mexican food and the Sonoran desert are the two things I've missed most living in NYC.
Uh oh... has found someone to be mad at. (;
Standing with 100 friends in the driveway waiting for the Rabbi
Nice! Congrats on the new digs!
go Hurons....er
I'm all about fan communities so your session was perfect. I love my job and our field so I'm curious how you made the switch.
I'm tired of girls giving definitions of "real men". Focus on being a better woman.
hear you are headed to Michigan this week. Travel safe. I graduated from pgm program at Ferris state in Mich.
RT : WHAT WE DO: We provide meals, homes and health & wellness services to thousands of seniors each year. We need your...
Confucius Say The only one whose troubles are behind him, is a school bus driver
check out the new reviews on Let me know your thoughts on "don't you trust me"
d{••}b J-Cole - In The Morning
Ron you are so official with your big time twitter handle and your new sweet avatar. Don't forget about the little tweeple ok
hm? i wonder :/
If you don't vote in primary's you should really consider registering #Libertarian. If GOP & Dem saw a trend you'd really make a statement.
Hey Twitter! Thank you guys for the follows and I will try to follow you back so hold on tight! And Happy Halloween!!!
What we have once enjoyed and deeply loved we can never lose,for all that we love deeply becomes a part of us...Helen Keller
Thanks so much for the following!
Lmao ^.^ I love fucking with you
THANKS to my new followers! :)
Best not to think too much about that.
Nothing,You?
happy birthday Caroline!
Hi Alicia thanks for the follow, to let you know about me I am the founder of www.thecoupondeal.com and I will bring offers.
We are producing an untenable # of new homes in USA. Need to control the overhang, get private investors to buy and lease back
No problem girl! (:
thanks Brian!
We make the hipsters fall in love.
can you follow me back please
I'd like to hear that too, gotta place to buy it?
K-9 club update: autism/aspergers teen social skills, shared story about cool idea, signed daughter up, stared today, she loved it!
like this? "This is just a train of thought.. but figure it's better to read than trained thoughts" iwasthinkingthesamething
Would you be interested in attending and Oscars Party if we had one at The Spot?
beautiful…R&D is "creative work undertaken on a systematic basis in order to increase the stock of knowledge,
Class & brains is sexy, swagg & game is not.
You know what I love? Finding bras that fit on the clearance rack. Woohoo!!! #2dollarbra :)
Fuck friends. I need more enemies. Atleast they admit they don't like you.
#MyBiggestFlaws are My Trys are Never Good Enough.........
lol, I didn't think you were coming to the #Midyear ball. I'll email u re getting together
Joining The Break Room on shortly to talk about 2nite's special report Synthetic Drug: A Growing Teen Danger on #13WHAM at 8pm
any specific Mexican restaurant recommendations in NV? Maybe I'll make drive down from
Way low! Don't know how people can understand communication science today w/o using the communication tools themselves.
no im not
Thanks for the love!
"sometimes I fee like somebody's watching me"
I always enjoy our talks.
You know what we do is wrong
How to choose #autism learning apps 4 your child: List UR target areas, read reviews before download, customize 4 UR child's ability
Sen. Manchin votes against repeal of Healthcare Reform-joins Sen Rockefeller and all other Dems.
www.nashvillerescuemission.org Help Nashville's Homeless (children are among the homeless helped by this shelter)
I'm doing pretty good, how bout you?
Sorry you're missing the swap! Have you read any books by Tana French? She's great!
I'm on it, thanks for the link.
cool cool good luck my nig hope shes a bad bitch
The psychological basis of Morgellons disease
Also, found a new memoir at today.
#LMSunSIG what about touch? From unkeynote
walking past my uncle davids <U+2665><U+2665>
Your House Sits a Long Time on the Market This is every homeowner’s’ biggest fear. Your house will sit too long on the market. It sounds
wow! When did chris masters return?!
it's so weird watching #howimetyourmother knowing that neil patrick harris is
Carolyn Shamis you will be remembered as a true beauty and success story.
Can you please do your job and talk about TNA, you didn't get to finish it last night and The Rock wasnt so great.
Well this is odd. PHX-NSH is on CNBC. So the longer NYR-WSH goes OT, the more of this I can watch b4 they switch to the channel I don't get
no those never look good
I wonder when #gristedes is going to catch on to this, and how much $ they'll offer you to become their official street blogger
Boredom = fantastic dental hygiene.
Pop goes the weasel
I read this and thought of you.. "Either you love bacon or you're wrong." <3
if i did that, id probably get into more trouble than i already am -_-
Safe journey my friend! From your "Little Boy" Sheriff!
Can't believe a woman ad beautiful as you is still single
RT : The #Michipreneur Project has launched today! Make sure you check it out and show us some RT love!...
if you tweet like 800 times in an hour or some guideline like thst you get blocked from tweeting for lkike a day
13th: FrackPack - a suite of tools to visualize the impact of hydraulic fracking/nat.gas production on water resources
Anyone in Sac know a good spot to watch the fights?
Will do! RT : Everyone that came last night. Take the time and follow up with your new contacts today :-).
We're huge fans!
Do you have an opinion on the average CTR for LinkedIn ads?
Learn how to edit and enhance digital pictures, free instruction and computers available, Thur April 26, 5-6 PM, Superior Middle School...
Theres really nothing greater than being your own boss and working your own hours!
Justice mixtape = all i'm listenin to :)
:D i know. But whats not awesum is me and i no of another Arianator tht got hacked! #NotCool *Bretana*
#Health #Tip: Got more work than U can handle? Resist the urge 2 skip lunch. Taking breaks increases productivity & lowers stress!
I'm with you. It has been way too long since we shared kimchi prepared 95 different ways.
. I'd say it's the work of a LOT of awesome catalogers, students (both undergrad+grad), archivists and other librarians! :)
Rockin out to the oldies on the way to Syracuse for the concert tomorrow with and their dad
please follow back, I'm a huge country music fan!?
I HATE talking to you.... because it brings back memories I forced myself to forget. Follow me #Beliebers n guys.. I AUTO FOLLOWBAK. Swaggy
“: #pla12 business plans for each "product" to address who we're serving with each and why.” Interesting idea!!!
are you still recording records
"why are you laughing? " "haha because my dream is dead"
I totally wish I still had it!
A bowl of cereal always hits the spot! Back to finishing up my mix for FashionWeekSA 2011.
good luck, we closed the deal a couple weeks ago.
Air boxing wrestling match with kids. I announced mommy as my tag team partner..the kids announce Jesus as tag team partner.
: In the Organizing for Online presentations. Missed 10 minutes. Not bad considering traffic. Great class so far.
I keep reading about this greek yogurt I might have to have it for a bed time snack-lol
at a data integration conference and discussing the broader concept of digital libraries... it all seems to come full circle.
A blessing to hear! Thank you so much my friend! :)
Yeah baby, yeah!
We are going to be out in midtown and downtown today. Hit us up if you want to join or renew!!!
Managed to get ninja cat to the vet. Her diabetes is under control with diet, no need for insulin! So glad I adopted this "wild" beast.
is a dick, theoretically.
Journey to the Light... A classic indeed!!! Rest in Peace Belita Woods.
Even if if kills me im gonna
Thanks ! Check out one of our biggest events this Sat as 3,000 CPS students come together for a 1 mile run in Washington Park
for WTF Wednesdays. $1500 bucks up for you including top pay out of $1000. Everyone is invited.
Nothing like beating an irrelevant franchise once again.
We can, we can break out of here jump on over there where the air is clearer we can, we can forget the pace win in our own race become a
but God is first and foremost an artist.
#MachineGunPreacher has a strong religious subject addresses the civil conflict & crisis in Sudan, ideals, hypocrisy & religious fanaticism
THANK YOU SO MUCH to everyone who came out to for my last show. I LOVE YOU ALL SO MUCH!!!!!! xoxox
Love is like war: easy to begin but very hard to stop
get it brother keep the good work up
RT : Today in Jewish Sports History:1941 Hank Greenberg hits 2 HRs in last game before army to serve in WWII
Y does my lil bro think every one is his cuz
If we win this game we win 500 dollars
This conversation I'm having with tho.. I'm only half midget. <U+0001F602>
you know that point in your workout where gels and stuff wont cut it....yup....THAT one!! #musthavebacon :-)
nice nails! Hope the scratch up some dudes back haha meow
Have you been to recently? Anthony's Runway 84 Italian Restaurant & Cocktail Lounge. 954-467-8484. Located on State Rd 84/Ft Laud.
42 straight ratatat songs later and this essay is
My allergies are out of control today. I apologize in advance if you catch me sniffling or with a Kleenex shoved up my nose. Bahhhh.
In Sandra <3 The horses!
getting into the tattoo world I see...if only Boombots were locally endangered wildlife.
My Macbook Air is so borked right now, can't even boot into Lion Recovery mode. Wonderful.
Thanks so much! What an honor!
Felt a little weird giving up my Idaho drivers license, this afternoon. Weird, but good.
thanks. I figured I annoyed someone enough finally. Glad I was wrong.
Have a good day! :)
Catch the last hour - Global Wine Tasting: 6pm - 9pm at Casa Del Mara in Lake Worth
I'd like to take the time once again congratulate Fenway on 100 years. #Yankees! #Slugfest!
I am now following you. Have a good weekend!
Thank you so much for the RT of the locations.We truly appreciate all the support we can get.May God bless you all!!!!
A DJs job is 2 play music people want to hear. Playing YOUR music to make people want to hear is PROMO. There is a charge 4 that
pfffft. You can do it :P.
thanks for the tweets x just got in... now for the wine!!! great to see you today.
That was a seriously fun time'
So glad finally got a twitter. Greatest golfer of all time. Real talk
You always make my day better <3
This Saturday the Dome Room is crosstown clubbin with ! Wear your Cubs v.s. Sox gear + rep your team!
: ": They lying aint no way he got shot 4 times and walked off" I almost got away with it -- lol yea
does the COY get his star player hurt in the closing minutes of a blowout?
The Indiana Pacers are hosting the New Jersey Nets tonight at the Bankers Life Fieldhouse. Call us now to buy the game tickets: 888-493-0004
Let's go Tex
Welcome to the family
Dan to be in; me, off in 20.
cracker barrel
#rappersbetterthansouljaboy nobody cause they SHOULDA NEVER GAVE YOU NIGGAS MONEY
Blowing trying to watch the new American Pie movie but its way too much shit on my mind
This is my 500th Tweet!! ........ You're welcome.
We will live by the ocean sometime before I die. For SURE! :) It's like a zen place for me...total peace & contentment.
#Starbucks released their new roast called Blonde Roast. Meaning, they're not burning the beans on purpose now.
butler is playing smash-mouth b-ball. playing defense, hustling and making outside shots so far
I'm sorry but if you wear sparkly toms I lose respect.
oh no! Just wait till they eat solids! AHH the joys of motherhood. hang in there.
Pleasing everyone is too hard, but pissing everyone off is a piece of cake
So great to meet and in person tonight!
We would love the opportunity to make your Spring Training experience great. Mention our blog for 10% off.
Was expecting brains & tshirt for #mlanet12 to be delivered Fri/Sat. No dice. They're still sitting Middleburg Heights, OH. Back to worrying
I gt chased by a bird on the riverwalk sat..... fucking Texas Animals!!!
Thanks so much for getting back to me - tracked one down yesterday. Also, thank you for following - looking forward to your tweets!
Everybody loves me you can call me Raymond
cuz I been busy. Took my mom out then straight to work.
u never chat wit me much nemor an i woudda love 2 have dated u but im taken now im so happy <33
I Hate You
Keep moving on. Turn the page. New day new way.
"she is totally a people chicken."
yeah definitely
Tired of turkey? Come out this evening to support Friends of the Library at Potomac Pizza 4-9pm. Mention our name to help donate 20%!
Thanks for the follow & a great call. The Vahperd Gala this fall is going to be a fantastic event
O Even Worse.!!
I always regret it afterwards! Ugh I ate to much!
May the 4th be with you!
I don't see why I have to come to school. I never do anything.
The way I see it, friends are a lot like boobs. Some are big, some are small. Some are real & some are fake.
Restart time and stop the clocks. Remove authority, disappate the cops. Do nothing wrong, what is right? Every born man get up to fight!
At this point in the morning, my mind is totally not in the mood to understand CSS & Javascript code that isn't working.
LOL, no humidity today. Summer will be different story.
": Dynamic, live music lives! 2nd night with !". Nice work Tom!
Design conversation 31: Demonstration happening now
Congrats on the new baby girl :) How is the feeling now ?
Wanna get high?
I give up!
#owasp Orlando Things I liked: Got great ideas for our upcoming hackathon - projects a great fit because they target basic to adv skills
“You may admire a girl’s curves on the first introduction, but the second meeting shows up new angles.” Mae West
what are the options?
Finals are coming to a end. S/o To those who is taking no slack on dem books and Saying 'cheers to da weekend'
:)) RT: Finishing up the day with a refreshing drink from
follow me please y love vs austin e alex ,<3
RT IF YOU HATE SCHOOL!
you know by saying it you going to have them pop up all over now
that didn't last long
Just Let Go & Let God.
We were not able to take anything off the price of oil (to speak of), but the market manipulators were not able to bring the DOW back up.
never ever would I do that!
Do you need to build a PMO and have too little time and too many priorities? Here's a two-part article to help you!
oh girl, this is good! xx
You can play up to 3 at a time for free. They will be $5 after we exit beta.
Bright Ideas Electric would like to wish all the mommies out there a Happy Mother's Day! We hope you all had a wonderful Day!
#Artfact- Rembrandt was 1 of 5 children; He was the only child his parents felt was fit to educate.
It's gonna be a nice day today, I'd love to take Bentley walking.
Awesome site!- Hoping that can help promote : )
u kno u hav ginourmous hips when the width of ur shoulder is smaller than tht of ur hips& ur waist is literally half the size of yo hips lol
Why do they make heavy ass earrings that split your ears? Wont catch me wearing them shits
-- oh absolutely, life is to short to not be :-P
Stay tuned...we're announcing the $100 gift card winner @ 5p.m.!
I will check with McGraw-Hill! But it should be on the way, we send them addresses as soon as we get them. Stay tuned...
she only made it for one direction ;) same for me
Wtf do you do in a gas station for 20 mins?! Ugh I have no patience for my mom at all.
Today should be a really good day <U+0001F603> have a photoshoot with #AlaskaAirlines at noon!
that is a damn handsome profile pic handsome pete
In Ths Ohio State Assembly !
I'm at the beach
Who's using that as a platform?
I know dang lol she could at least say ugly but I'm far from manly lmao
Vacation officially over. Time to go home and burn off the holiday flab. Who's with me?
Breaking news.. three SD pet stores raided.. dozens of animals taken by authorities.. live report coming at the top of News8
I don't hate you, but if you were on fire and I had water, I'd drink it.
just came from web 2.0 for newbies...came away w/ 5 new and free sites to use in the classroom!
YEA IMMA WORK U IN. MAYBE THE SAME NIGHT I GET
I need coffee
good times Gotta love a good bear or 5
#SKC gameday the biggest game of the season so far, lets bring the power back to the east and continue our historic run
On the radio last night, heard this lady singing about a boy who won't write a Christmas list because "God is my Santa Claus." Yikes.
A Pick and then the FUMBLE #GopackGo destroy this.
Watch this space for some photos inside the Hotel Lafayette! It's almost ready to open!
Happy National Volunteer Week! THANK YOU to all volunteers who help make The Messages Project possible.
I'll message you details
Your welcome :)
His accent was terrible, but it was a lovely moment to watch. We'll have to make some bilingual recordings for baby D.
happy birthday austin i would of said it earlier but i was cleaning. i hope u have the best birthday ever <3 u
Yes, I have a sweet tooth and the desserts (brownies, chocolate chip cookies, apple and cherry crisp, almond biscotti etc
Wow that looked scary!
I think Brett is just feeling Twitter out David. Before he gets into tweeting Maybe??
BEST BIRTHDAY PRESENT OF MY LIFE: Alison Bechdel's new book just shipped!
Thanks for making me sound legit this weekend when Mike was SHOCKED that I was on Twitter.
Nope--trying to stick with airplane mode & wi-fi only. Seeing the lack of Internet access, that may have been a mistake.
Watching Matilda with takes me back!
Really easy, but that's what I do for a living.
I am ok thank you everyone for the concern, Quest will continue in a new location TBA
they didn't control for gender dummies. Do the math
#ConfessionNight I flirt alot with females
I can't believe its not butter. Really, I can't.
might be moving to LA \^^/ woot woot
thanks bro, congrats to you as well!
The game lasted longer than usual but who could put an end to the fun! Kareem had them calling the game for him -- & they brought cake too!
The editing kinda sucked too
oddly enough I too discovered homemade polenta today...
Who cares, season was over!
You own a machine. Each time it breaks, there stands a technician wearing one wooden shoe begging for your current technician's job.
I love #AustinRestaurantWeek :)
Age you lost virginity? Send pic
Antonio Conte at #CEN: if EU has a common currency why is market for electronic payments and invoicing still fragmented?
thank you!! Fantastic :)
whats not right???? : 's it's not right but it's okay totally saved the episode #gleerememberswhitney"
#KeyMarkX4 class - Q10/last one: True or False: KeyMark key blanks are only available to contracted dealers and end users.
We're trying now. :-)
Haha Tell'em why you mad son!!!
So im sitting at tge bar in this thai restaurant and i feel like the bartender is really cool...but i have no idea what she's saying to me.
it's a blackhole. Once things reach the event horizon, they lose the abilty to feel. Her camel toe is a singularity.
I don't there's a better combo out there
July 25 against the Yankees with a 12:40pm start time would be good. Maximum exposure for Felix and the Mariners.
pls tweet from cni! i'll be v interested to hear abt it.
g'nite! Awesome game against Cowgurls. Went 2 UNI w/Warner, he was a true gentleman. Loved meeting Larry's dad Vikes 50th!
Grilled cheese! RT : Haha that's super funny!
Mr. Stark! How are you? Where are you?
I hate that people are defined less by who they are and more by what they do (occupation). It's a truly stupid question.
Your just a nail I hammered
i do not know!! i post a lot of pug shots :)
Worth a Tweet: "Success isn’t about achieving something in the future, but about doing something right now that you love."
Gorging on cherries...lalala, Happy Sunday ;)
Do you REALLY know French ?
So gotdamn Fed-Up !
Definitely possible, though it's one of those annoying things that spending any time on is a waste (thus my willingness to pay)!
I've tried 3 in Australia and 7 in Seattle but they are annoying ._.
Cowboy artist to be celebrated at Root Beer Reception and spotlight
Today is Queen`s day
Not everyone can make to the #Occupy protests, but if you have other useful skills or can donate supplies... that will work too! Hook up!!
One of those days. <U+0001F614>
HOPEFULLY! they win!
I miss summer
A man should cry only when sliced onion ... and not be a rag ...
Thanks for following us! Look forward to working with you!
nice Brannock device!
I'm glad you have fun man! Def come say what's up tomorrow
twitterverse - do any of you know someone who works at Sanders\Wingo?
Or at least start to till my garden and start getting it ready for spring
Lmao, yes that place
all he does is link empty jargon to western science. Evidence for his claims? ZERO.
9 to 5 / day in out / months years decades / working for the boss / life hanging by a thread / of the dread / of a pink slip. Arya-Holmes.
I downloaded 's #AngelsAndGentlemen mixtape. I'M IN LOVE!
Thank you for the lovebug!!!
Been gone for a while from twitter. Only thought truly I have is that I have to keep on rhyming. Hella Lagging it.
@ linda, yet again he blogged science, art, religion, and philosophy
Thanks for the follow. My son is a cpa. Busy time for you guys.
haha will do.
I don't give af how many "problems" a motherfucker cause , you ain't coming between me , family , and my money .
I've come to react so poorly to people whining about being bored. Which is an activity, in of itself, which requires free time.
All that counts right?!? lol
Theirs green in my eye color!
No new episodes, it's that I'm watching it for the first time.
Toms and stripes today
Should Mitt Romney speak out about Mormonism? Experts vary
I don't know what the fuck just happen but I liked it
Just Finished #TheRocker And it was great :D
Housing is done! We may not have gotten what we wanted, but all that matters is that I'm living with my best friend
#ImThatPersonWho You Call Wen Its Time 2 B A Freak<U+0001F61D><U+0001F609>
Good day Sir U ready 4 game 1??
HAHAHA! Yes, to clarify.... an 'actual" douche. :)
M sour gummy worms ^___^
I want to hang out with
We hope you find your baking mojo... ...it is in there somewhere!
Watching a documentary about Scrabble Champions... did yall know that San Diego can also spell DIAGNOSE? Love learning shit like that.
#smh HOW DO U SOUND..no bish it was no if mi hair gets wet lik it did then the curls fall an mi hair lik most get poofy
Hope to see at UK. Show him love UK ladies
I Told Essence , Murad Likes Girls w. Small Butts , Then I Was Like That Mean He Likes You , And She Said That Means He Likes You Too -.-
Okay. followed
It's a little late, but Hello to you too! Have you had your #tea today?
Executive Assistant needed ASAP! Pays $57,000/yr for qualified candidates. For more info apply online or give us a call today!
What does your heart tell you? I mean, which one would you rather see naked?!
I have 1014 tweets. This calls for a celebration.
If you spend more time angry than happy, get it together, you can't blame EVERYTHING on everyone else.
Wearing a long jersey skirt to work, and all I'm thinking is "I'm wearing pajamas!" Exactly what my exhausted self needs today :)
I love how hot it is in AVST studio! It's like taking Bikram Ballet.
Killing Joke Films: what a fun group of filmmakers you are. Hats off to you for coming out today in sub-freezing temperatures. Booyah!
I roll up whenever u call baby I roll up
On average cats sleep 16 to 18 hours per day
naw I dnt get paid more...but its kooo kuz its money for doing nothin
Im up early for no goddamn reason cause muthafuckas wanna come in my room and be loud <U+E059>
If McLovin was actually Vilna's attorney he would get the chair! No understanding of Double Jeopardy at all.
I'm feelin like ms. spontaneous right about now <U+0001F60F>
Just saw your hands competition. Looked amazing as usual!
today was a good day i hope that everyone else had a good day as well
Mirror Mirror on Da Wall Who's The Finest Man Of Em All? Dats
“: Over his past 11 games, Josh Hamilton has 9 homers, 21 RBIs and 18 hits in 41 at-bats.” ridiculous.
Thanks for the follow, Anum! You seem to enjoy some of the same things we do!
But let me shut the fuck up and keep checking my emails as I watch the ID Channel. I need to go to ID CHANNEL REHAB too shit
Happy National High 5 Day! Make someones day by giving them a high 5 to show you appreciate all they do.
RE: Broncos. Thanks for the heads up. Not a surprise. A horrible coach.
It's your chance for some great
“: JUST ANNOUNCED -- at on June 1st for their Farewell Tour!" EXCITED!!!
that would be a nice trip. I'm definitely thinking about it :-)
Coffee and hiking should be the start of everyday...RT : Plan of the day... Hike, write.. And pack :) first.... Coffee! :D
think I just wanna come home that bad
Yes on bourbon in Boston, absolutely. That's the finest modification of one of my tweets I can imagine! :)
RT : My 1st review! "Social commentary and familiar tropes make [Modelland] an enjoyable guilty pleasure."...
I finally get to see this SI Swimsuit project you were telling me about back in December... ha Amazing.
I got the only hangover
miss you!
Absolutely loved Midnight in Paris. Can't remember last time I enjoyed a new movie this much. I can haz Paris now, plz?
Hurtful. Even with the clarification. Still a bit of a bite...
You won’t build skyscraper without blueprint. Your life dream is no different.
Lol, lady - you are a rock star!
I hope all those who are freaked by the absence of #wikipedia will find better sources for their research and rejoice.
2/16 the blackhawks take on the rangers .... wanna go ?
thank you. I have been told the Adam thing a few times. I'm a hige fan of Adams
I know. It will be ugly.
Why thank you!
": Apologies for spelling Dwight Yoakam's name wrong. If you can't get into " Guitars, Cadillacs..." it's on you.". Amen!
Knock KnockWho's there !Celeste !Celeste who ?Celeste time I lend you money !
tonight was the 1st I ever watched the voice..great to see real talent not crazies trying to get on tv! +love Adam Levine haha
(clarification) my 1st memoir will be MHILF: the mark huntsman story
Always a good idea.
Uh oh
#ThingsIDislike I dislike when people hate on eachother
and thank you!
I'm mostly #ccss literacy across the district--work w ELA, science, social studies and CTE mostly k-12.
Cathleen Kaveny: working for autonomy and solidarity means working for justice and the common good
i had the same thought.
yeeeaah. Everything about the bradley center kinda is a turn off for me. But whatchu doing tonight? IM FREE AT LAST!
RT ARTweet: "If we go for the easy way, then we never change." -Marina Abramovic (via )
I'm up to three DMs! Is there a party when I get to five?
Healing in a matter of time, but it is sometimes also a matter of opportunity
Damn, i wish my dad could fly.
TATTOO PARTY @ MY STUDIO TODAY!!! COME ALL!!! DRINKS, FOOD, GOOD MUSIC, & OF COURSE SMOKE!!! LET'S GET IT...CALL ME FOR DETAILS 574-993-3136
Being highly emotional makes it difficult to do business with me. Shoot me now.
S/0 and for holding us down here in #Alaska !!much love and safe travels yall!!!!!
coloring and playing with clay!
Love your designs
That is truly incredible. Compare 16,285 psi to the 14.7 psi of sea level. Deepest I've ever been is 80 feet.
Seriously, I'm not TRYING to be in this car chase. Look for my red mazda on the news!
Great, another boring radio station owned by a monolith. Just what we need.
I really want bacon and grits
I love it when you start the conversation :)
#1yearago #Assad thought his son would someday rule #Syria . He was wrong.
You must be taking the flavor train to flavor town.
Why can't I pay to watch Entourage if I do not have HBO? Are executives that fucking stupid to think I will just go pay for HBO.
i don't think the maintenance he's citing would include all re-landscaping after unforseen events like a line break
remind me to never go to a bbq in teterboro. especially if I have to fly there.
thank u ma'am!! I am girl!! Gone ride it til the wheels fall off
Ray of Duncanville: This needs to be a balanced state and local partnership. Right now solely at state level. Balanced scorecard.
This is sometimes called lying.
PP Is Still Clutch. I Wouldn't Mind Giving Him The Shot. I Just Want Melo.
That's what I'm saying. I wrote a song recently called Overtime which talks about walking out cause the boss wants to stay.
Half off appss
Drunks aren't that creative. RT : Am i stoned or drunk?
hey. I dunno if you check but there's a pretty dope play on gentrification that some friends of mine are doing on may 20th
Chipotle always wins. ALWAYS.
tiny let dat woman live! damn.. yu got plenty money!!
got it off today!! Whoop whoop!! Hopefully I'll practice in a couple of days :)
I can't wait for the All Star Game/Home Run Derby. It'll be great to see a real sport again after all this World Cup shit.
ya! lol ! were you just gonna go to go?
Any type of brand integration will enjoy a bigger bang when it’s socially activated.
Lebron please don't leave
Tweet your fav creative moments and help write the ADDY show. Today's hashtag:
Booth set up at #aam11. Looking forward to the next couple of days. Stop by and say hello.
Hey Sara hw have u been?
yeah! Lets start out own!!
Good pick dallas
Thank u for inspiring us to #makeachange! We WILL #findacure & it's all bc of you! :) #neversaynever - WE WILL FIGHT TIL 4EVER
CONGRATULATIONS Music Fans Around The World Voted You... Favorite New Country Star of November 2010
I'll be up with you if you need to vent
hadnt thought of those. got chicken noodle soup.
18 Days until the Season 3 Premiere of Pretty Little Liars YAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Haha, to the moon so I see where to place you amongst the stars;)
so hard to find them these days lol
appears that Braun might possibly have a cough/cold ?
We've exhausted this, lets move on. will TREND!
She tastes like a milkshake made with hard liquor I told you before & I’ll tell you again don’t underestimate thePOWER of a woman
Walked the dog-Check. Bought more mead making supplies-check. cleaned up the house-check. Work this eve... wish i didn't have to check it
OMG it is way too early!!
SB 5 up for final passage. Postponed until 1:59pm for third reading. Is this unusual?
Hot people...
Contact me!! 7 weeks left to come into Mona Vie for free.Nothing to lose much to gain. Enroll. www.thegreatproduct.com/dougnsonib -douggieb
the foul calls is ridiculous on the bulls! That's only thing keeping them in the game
love ya too. xx
hey do not feel badly. They actually have a death rate for treadmills. Take it easy
Roger Williams (tx republican) quoted in his "Freedom Express" says he is against "Social Justice", Guess he doesn't want: etc.
Just saw DETROPIA (the only screening) at #MDFF12. I'm a fan of both directors so of course, I loved it.
Ok see you then. You gonna run over here from Boyle Heights?
People who think Riley should be coaching, not Spo, are ridiculous! Where's the leadership from the stars?!?
Today's the end of a cycle. March brings significant change. Shaky, but good... (check in at the end of the month for refunds)
Best dinner ever :)
How you act & what u say to people does affect them. You think it's a joke but to them, it isn't. When you realize that, it will be to late.
yes that's right Kevin, Zayn is a lovely guy.
Jersey Shore Season 4
Do you have experience door-to-door canvassing? Interested in knocking on doors to generate #solar leads? We are hiring! Send me a message.
Thank you for continued support. :)
So good. Thanks, Mr. Beckett!
Study hall today I think .-.
Imma come back wit this check n quadruple it
Im still fuckin wit you Love how you handled that !
sup bro west good
lol.. Your New Video is Awesome! ;-) Sweet Song & You sound and Look Amazing as always...
My sister almost punched me lol. Trying to wake her up from her beauty sleep.
N btw your hair looks awesome!
I love the post yoga love feeling. It makes me feel cuddly inside.
Taylor's in a terrible mood. Could hardly offer his teammates a high five as went to the bench.
It ain't over till it's over. The Cardinals were down by 3 last night too. Hang in there.
- the next wave of ecommerce enabling intelligent and crowdsourced search
#NP Hodgy Beats & Frank Ocean - Snow White
Thank you for being such a good example!
he already knws
Looking forward to reading it when it hits the shelves.
if the buzzer shot went in after bouncing on the floor does it count
Yeah yea this is how we kick it, love it when yo kick it, wish that we could do this all the time...
#MizzouNation: I'm a Tiger and I'm tweeting from the Biggest Little City, Reno, Nevada!
I love you! Please RT if you love all you Texas iconicas!!!
I shouldn't, I know, but I get a kick out of Alan Simpson. He's 80 and he talks like that. (See last RT.)
At Microsoft excel class burning my brain cells!!!!
Its amazing that in some cities only the dregs utilize public transit. I am poor and so can you!
So many events I'm tryna hit 2nite...but where do I start???
FedEx is terrible, worked there last summer and hated almost every minute of it
currently enrollment is not available but the band will announce when it is again
#NITLE was happy to be chatting alongside such great projects!
In the grocery store, Myla told me she LOVES oranges. She took them out of the bag & told me again she loved oranges & licked one.
Shit is going down at Meeker.
The only real conservative at the #SCdebate is
just used my gift card! Yummy burger! Thnx!
hi Jerry! How's the Mrs feeling?? Great I hope
I miss when Austin actually wore his puka necklace.
getting moved to Cali is where I been lol
listening to this makes me think of what we use to have & what we could still have . #imissyou <|3
niggas beefing ? that's cool , just give me mine w/ some red wine .
Building friendships are easy,rebuilding them are the hardest.
yep I am here
Going back to mid 90s this weekend in DFW! But today is SO nice! Wish it would stick! What do you want to see this autumn?
Actually... not Thursday... that's taken. :)
Just realized that the voice I do for my dogs is somewhat of a mix between Stephanie Tanner and Elmo.
very honored to see you following me. Love your material, learning to put in practice.
My friend has a friend like this! “: We all have that 1 friend who shouldn't even be allowed to cross the street on their own.”
So much for yesterday
I'm good! Thanks:-)
a geologist drinking from a water fountain? Thought you would know better!
Yesterday, my thoughts were controlling me. Today, I'm controlling my thoughts courtesy of Romans 12:2.
he proposed on my bday, Nov 19th. Tmrw is the big day, that's why I've been M.I.A, I been getting this together.
You back in the States Phoman?
did the study say anything about bacteria spread when meat is first put in plastic bags before going in the reusable bag?
"Serving as the tip of the spear", Craig Mundy's (Ingersoll Rand) mantra 2 get his HR org focused to lead the co's long range plan
Man, I didn't realize I needed to carb load before this O's game. I still think my Beastie Boys mix will bring a win
is JC singing at all tonight?
You raise a good point! RT Not at the end though. Home of the Brave is clear.
in #ANA Mag. "Diversity is biz imperative-diverse perspectives/views/ideas create innovative environment." #Diversity Matters
Kaleidoscope is this Thursday & Friday, Showcase nxt Monday, Dance Recital is in 4weeks & I leave for NY in 6weeks ! *yikes*
I would be crying with cuteness and laughter.
that's crazy too. I never thought about that one. But I don't see how they can keep him off the Olympic team. Need a big man
i just listen to that song.
I do segments about once or twice a month featuring people that impact our community.
Sampras v Agassi at in tourney finals at Staples Center making me AND event sponsors happy
When I log into my #Marriott #Rewards account, how do I go about finding/printing the eFolio from a past #hotel stay?
Hines= Hall of Very Good.
on my way to D.C.
who wants a Dior bag?
The AC, which provides tax breaks to small employers if they offer HC coverage for their workers, might slow that trend.
Make Greg pay! ": #FF when he hits 27,000 followers he's going to tweet out ten $100 gift codes! #Karmaloop!"
heck yeah..I could go for a garden burger.
we need some freh legs.
Banu Subramaniam: rhetoric of invasive plant species mirrors that of human immigrants; fertility, aggression, habitat degradation
I was on the live stream earlier - not A list enough for prime time! Ha!
For half-a-second I was like, 'WHAT THE!' while pouring the hot chocolate mix into my mug. But then I realized they were marshmallows.
We all know that you are a good girl !!!!!
I don't know why, either!! Lol
Hotel occupancy rates during the four-day Easter weekend were a key indicator. In Rosarito Beach, occupancy rates rose from 69 percent in 2011 to 77 percent, according to state tourism figures. In Ensenada, they went from 86 percent to 91 percent, while San Felipe's increased from 97 percent to 100 percent and San Quintín's rose from 65 percent to 70 percent.
"I would say a large number of members in the council believe that MONUC has to be strengthened," Panamanian Ambassador Ricardo Alberto Arias said.
China's trade deficit with the United States hit $273 billion last year, the largest deficit the United States has ever had with any country. Critics contend that China is manipulating its currency to keep it undervalued against the dollar as a way of getting unfair trade advantages, an attack that has gained more support at a time of high unemployment in the United States.
WASHINGTON, D.C. - Nearly four years after National Gypsum shuttered its drywall plant in Lorain, Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney will reuse the facility on Henderson Drive as a backdrop for his message that President Barack Obama has failed to create jobs.
She hit Joey Romero, 18, as he walked home from his job at a nearby 99<U+FFFD> Only Store, according to police.
Interim Chief Stacy Irvine told The Republic in January that he didn't plan to apply for the permanent post.
Yes, she still uses a medium format film camera that takes square images. But she concedes to modern technology by scanning and printing digitally.
I searched the Web and my saved mail messages for the announcement of the hotel awards expiring in January. I found nothing. So I went to the Marriott's customer service website and emailed from their site a note asking them to please send me a copy of that mass email announcement about the awards expiration. I also expressed my concern that we did not receive a personal call, letter, or email notifying us of a change in the expiration date. After two weeks, I mailed a letter. I still have received no response. Can you help? - JJ Mortensen, White Rock, N.M.
When asked how such a dysfunctional team won the national title in 2008, one former player said, “We had better players than everyone else. It’s that’s simple. We had (Tim) Tebow. We played without our next best player (Harvin) who was injured for the SEC (Championship Game), and still beat an Alabama team that would’ve beaten Oklahoma, too.”
Employees were called to the administration building at 2 Cedar St. throughout the day today to receive the news. The layoff letters informed them their positions were terminated effective Thursday. Employees were asked to work until 3 p.m. today, when they could pick up their final paychecks.
"I could see they were just going to run me into the ground, playing the game, dragging me out,'' he said in an interview. "I just wanted a fair shake."
The conference will feature two presentations that demonstrate how perseverance and persistence led to the successful prosecution of two cases that were both over 18 years old by the time a defendant was apprehended or charged.
The DNR order states it applies to wild boar, wild hog, wild swine, feral pig, feral hog, feral swine, Old World swine, razorback, Eurasian wild boar and Russian wild boar, but not to domestic swine. It defines banned pigs by color, tail structure, ear types and even color of fur.
Bowlsby's predecessor, Dan Beebe, was forced out around the same time; some of the other schools felt he favored Texas.
5. Georgetown (16-4, 6-3, RPI 16, SOS 36, PSOS 24): When the Hoyas are hot from the behind the arc, they are a very difficult team to guard. Big game this week against UConn.
Answer: The Mexican Fence Post cactus or Pachycereus marginatus is a unique columnar cactus native to central and southern Mexico. They do well in the lower deserts, but do require some sun protection -- especially from the south and west afternoon sun.
Kleem was stunned: "Are you nuts, why would you tell her that?"
Mohamud, the FBI contends, had a gift for each and every one of them.
Nick Rauser Memorial 5K Run will be held June 2 at Bretton Ridge in North Olmsted beginning at 9 a.m. Call Wally Rauser at 216-316-6020. The website is www.nicholasrauser.com.
"We're investigating everything that caused it," he said.
Any team that claims Inge on waivers becomes responsible for his $6 million contract for this season. So it's unlikely he would be claimed.
"He would take thousands of slides," Larson said.
Rather than putting food on a pedestal, Hamilton portrays cooking as a ritual that keeps her grounded <U+0097> a craft rather than an art. <U+0093>It doesn't last,<U+0094> she said of a beautiful plate of food that is demolished by a diner in just a few bites, <U+0093>but people are going to look at Rodin's work for centuries.<U+0094>
Consumers responded by purchasing cars at the healthiest pace since the Cash for Clunkers program in August 2009. Sales at auto dealerships rose by 5 percent in October, the Commerce Department said Monday.
Cooper said the site doesn't list names for a reason.
In Bahrain, a large segment of a society is struggling to participate in a political and economic system that excludes them. Unfortunately, after 14 months, the eye of the global media has turned away from the tiny island, in favor of other newsworthy events.
63-69 Ferry St., Newark; (973) 344-5611; iberiarestaurants.com
ioration. Death usually occurs one to 10 years after symptoms start.
A total of 32 people were arrested and then indicted on a variety of charges, including delivery of a controlled substance, possession of a controlled substance, delivery of imitation controlled substance, delivery of a controlled substance within 1,000 feet of a school and felon in possession of a weapon
Motorists across the region encountered gasoline for $4.15 a gallon. The AAA pegged the average price of regular at $4.055 in Cleveland and $4.08 in Akron -- both higher than the national average of $3.909 per gallon.
"Why the large increase? People have more questions than they have an answers to that," Stanek said.
øI recently spoke with Charley Moore, the founder of the great site RocketLawyer, one of the most popular legal sites in the world, and it's no wonder why: Your first document at RocketLawyer is always free, the others are incredibly affordable, and the online interview-driven interface is easy and intuitive. And if you need an actual lawyer, the site will help you get one. All in all, RocketLawyer is a fantastic resource for any small-business person. Steve says check it out.
The underground convention center will feature a ballroom beneath Mall C, which will not be raised more than 1 foot. But the space will be flexible, Appelbaum said, so it can be configured into meeting rooms, convention space or an additional ballroom.
Since the university ended open enrollment in 2008 and established minimum admission requirements -- 2.3 high school GPA and an ACT score of 17 -- it has seen the number of new first-year students increase more than 32 percent, to 1,300 last fall.
"This is what the floodway is for. Which is more important - 130,000 acres of farmland or 3,000 lives?"
Behind the scenes, aides from both parties have been trying to find a consensus way to pay for the bill. With neither party eager to appear to be causing college students to bear higher costs, conventional wisdom is that eventually a compromise will be struck, but first the political posturing will have to play out.
Woodland police arrested Kristopher J. Mann, 22, Sarah K. Qualey, 26, and a 17-year-old boy on Wednesday during a burglary at a home in the 1900 block of Meadowood Loop. All three are from Battle Ground, Wash., and told police they pawned some of the stolen items in Vancouver in order to support addictions to heroin and methamphetamine.
Campaigns in Indiana all said they depend on Twitter and Facebook now as new tools to reach voters and organize. But they have yet to fully exploit their power.
In traditional stories, it's saints, madmen and children who befriend wild animals. Mark Bittner, who pals around with feral creatures in the amiable documentary "The Wild Parrots of Telegraph Hill," is just as much an outsider, though of a different sort. A formerly homeless musician, Bittner spent a couple of decades seeking his path in life, a path he finally discovered with a handful of birdseed.
Months ago, Abu Adeeb, a rebel from Binnish, just a couple of miles from Fuaa, typed up a list and distributed it to all the rebel checkpoints in the area. On it were 52 names of suspected local shabiha, descriptions of their vehicles and the positions they held.
The celebrity has certainly made Smokler's comfortable life a bit more so. But it's done little — if anything — to change the blog's tone. In fact, when Smoker let readers in on the book deal, she did it by describing the scene immediately after she broke the news to her family:
Servings: Makes 2 (10- to 12-inch) pizzas, about 12 slices
-- Good stuff from Sports Illustrated's Jack McCallum, one of the most respected NBA writers in the country, pushing for a permanent 66-game schedule in this week's issue. Lamenting the colossal tedium of 82 games, McCallum quotes crime novelist Elmore Leonard on why his books are so successful: "I try to leave out the parts that people skip."
For years, eateries offering Titanic-themed burgers and seafood did brisk business, and hundreds of extras would be shuttled from downtown Rosarito Beach. Honold said everyone from hotel maids to highly skilled camera technicians benefit from a film production, as well as businesses across the border in San Diego, where people often make big-item purchases like cars.
"Beat us if you can."
“I'm looking to win the belt and going to bigger and better things. When you have two guys that are looking to be victorious in a grand fashion, then that only makes for a great fight. So, I think we're going to be getting it on.”
"They are asking you to play more games and put yourself at more risk," he said, "and they are also asking us to take a pay cut."
Got any excellent ideas to contribute, folks? That’s what the comments section is there for.
‘Fabulous place to be'
The good stuff? Nooo, I wanted to scream! This is not the good stuff! The good stuff is building box forts, buzz cutting the hair off your sister's Barbie and trapping a wild bunny with a Lego structure. Or so I'm told by my husband, who truly reveled in childhood (and still thrives amongst kid-folk in a Phil Dunphy sort of way).
As he walked off the American Airlines Center floor in Dallas following pregame warmups prior to Game1, Matthews ran into Canales en route to the locker room, exchanged a fist bump and announced: "I told you, I don't play until the playoffs."
* Specific amount not disclosed
Lots of folks carry a smartphone, and, at least some of the time, tote a second mobile device—an iPad or other tablet. But some people might prefer a product that combines the two. Similarly, many have come to love the finger-controlled interface popularized by Apple, but might prefer at times to use a stylus, a common tool in the pre-iPhone days.
Rates start at $284 for this package, which is being offered through Dec. 31. The hotel is located at 501 Geary St. in the Union Square area.
"That can be pretty tenuous," Marshall says. "There's a reason why Rolex isn't selling a plastic digital watch."
The more people who are not vaccinated, the more likely diseases eradicated in the U.S. could make a comeback. A disease is considered eradicated if it cannot be spread widely even when it comes into the country through people who have traveled abroad.
"Artists love encouragement and feed off encouragement," Raasch said. But he endured "a constant array of criticism he knew was not true, yet some people believed it."
6. Houston Dynamo 2-2-2 (5)
Perhaps the most widely seen scrims run around the top of the so-called "Bird's Nest," Beijing Olympic Stadium, onto which images were projected in the opening ceremonies of the 2008 games.
Holmgren declined to talk about the other free agents, because he wanted Jackson to enjoy his day.
Because peas of that kind, along with yellow cornbread and buttermilk, kept me from going hungry in my early times.
"But that's just an undercurrent of Mexican food. That's not the popular narrative. If Americans were really repulsed ultimately by Mexican food there's no way it would be a multi-billion-dollar industry, and there's no way it would have been as popular all these years."
A: Absolutely. I'd love it.
As the Super Bowl XLVI match up between the New York Giants and New England Patriots nears, media experts will be comparing everything from the two teams' pass rush to the socio-economics of their fan bases. We here at Ledger Live just want to know which team has the more badass nickname. So we came up with five hypothetical bouts between famous giants and famous patriots.
I fooled around with DailyMotion and TMZ video apps. I watched "Ghostbusters" on Netflix and "Saturday Night Live" clips on Hulu Plus; both services charge $8 a month. Two music apps that work on Xbox 360 are iHeartRadio and Last.fm. Neither charges a subscription fee.
Cooking style: Southern Italian
"He knew he was too late," said Fernandes, 49, shaking her head.
According to Florida resident Turley, in a 2002 interview with "Baseball Digest" he said, "To the manager, I was just another body. Then one day, one of the DeWitts (Bill DeWitt, Sr.), who owned the Browns, called and asked why I wasn't pitching.
National Weather Service meteorologist Byron Paulson said a brief tornado touchdown was reported Tuesday near Brooten in west-central Minnesota, but there was no significant damage.
But in the wake of the 2003 Columbia tragedy and the 2004 announcement of the shuttles' retirement, some flights were canceled and cargo space on the remaining missions filled up quickly. NASA was uncertain there would be room for the large detector.
To start, Lyman wants to gather fellow night-shifters for social events. Interested? E-mail Troy Lyman at pm_people@yahoo.com.
So in a program introduced Thursday and repeated tonight in Copley Symphony Hall he put together Bernstein's Symphonic Dances from "West Side Story," Tchaikovsky's "Romeo and Juliet" Overture-Fantasy, Tan Dun's Violin Concerto: "The Love," and Chen Gang and He Zhan Hao's "The Butterfly Lovers" Violin Concerto. Violinist Cho-Liang Lin was soloist for both concertos.
The NCAA has yet to conclude its investigation, which began in March. UO, which was verbally notified of the inquiry in September, has paid more than $80,000 through the end of last year to a law firm handling its own internal investigation of the matter.
Kind says fortunately no one was in the cabin when it caught fire.
"I don't blame the coaches," Jones said. "They're looking for a way, I mean, we're trying to win games. They wanted every ball punted out of bounds. They basically didn't want a punt return to cost us another game. That's totally understandable. It's just a difficult task every time you get in there to punt the ball out of bounds, and still get a good yardage out of it."
Bostic and Wright both said they left their coaching positions in order to spend more time with their families.
5) Receiving no response to a post is painful. I've asked myself this riddle a number of times: if my blog post appears on the internet and no one reads or responds, do I cease to exist? This leads to deeper questions: What's my motivation for writing? Did I not get enough attention as a child? How pathetic am I?
Finkbiner was arrested Friday at his home in the Clay County city of Brazil on charges that he extorted two 14-year-old boys in Maryland and Michigan by threatening to post sexually explicit videos of them online. Court records did not list an attorney for Finkbiner. A court hearing was scheduled for Wednesday in Terre Haute. Finkbiner faces a preliminary charge of sexual exploitation of children.
The main house features both a four-car and two-car garage. Edward is a first vice president for investments and financial adviser in global wealth management for Merrill Lynch in Scottsdale. The home was sold by Glen D. Hinshaw. He is president/CEO of Tazz Tech Inc., an international trade and development company.
Google calls the payment application a "wallet" because it can be loaded with payment "cards" from multiple sources. Right now, there are only two cards available: Citibank MasterCards and a prepaid card issued by Google. But Google is making the wallet available to any financial institution that wants to participate.
Under Missouri law, waterways must be classified according to their characteristics before a use can be designated. And more than
The commission is still taking public comment on the map, which is not final.
Jane Hilboldt was previously a vice president in mortgage banking at Town and Country Mortgage Co.
Davis was charged with aggravated battery with a deadly weapon and burglary to an occupied conveyance with battery. His lawyer planned to use an insanity defense, but doctors found him sane at the time of the crime.
ELLE MACPHERSON was on the arm of one billionaire on Saturday, and has another in mind to run for office with. The 48-year-old Australian supermodel was the date of British billionaire banker Roger Jenkins at the Vanity Fair White House Correspondents Assocation Dinner after-party. When we started to talk politics with the leggy lady, she told us: "I'd love to have Mayor Bloomberg as my running mate." When we tracked down the Mayor to inform him what "The Body" told us, the 70-year-old Bloomberg rolled his eyes a bit and said: "It would be an honor." We bet.
Authorities are looking for the suspect, described at a Korean man in his 40s with a heavy build and wearing khaki clothing.
Peggy and Stan, the snarky art director, are trying to land Heinz, and pitch a campaign for beans that would feature special effects to create "a bean ballet." This is too arty and irrelevant for the Heinz people. "Where's the bite and smile?" And more to the point, they want their beans to be relevant. They want to appeal to the new generation of consumers, and update beans' image. Beans are the war, the Depression and bomb shelters, says a Heinz exec. They want to sell to the college kids with their hot plates and sit-ins. Peggy, frustrated, looks to Don to back her up. He sides with the Heinz men, reassuring them that they can deliver what they want: "This is a process." Peggy later says this isn't the Don she knows. He's kind and patient. "It concerns me."
The U.K. government injected much needed capital into Lloyds at the height of the financial crisis in 2008. It is now looking to sell off its shares, but only when their price has reached a certain level.
x-Saturday, May 12: Los Angeles at St. Louis, TBD
without a statewide brewers guild. Johnson is coming to Missouri next month to meet with brewers and gauge their interest in a statewide organization.
“A great nurse is someone who is a good partner. She partners with her patients and families, not with the goal of making them dependent, but of fostering empowerment. Her role isn’t to do things to them or for them, but to strengthen them through the healing process.
I've been busy at my job and at home, but countless people overcome those and more time constraints to get into, and stay in, shape.
After the robbers had left the bar, Dolan told Ramsey and the three others there that he had been shot. Ramsey called an ambulance while Dolan lay on the floor in the dining room.
By law, this information is public, but typically the information is kept in paper files at the stations, so true access is limited.
1 1/4 cup plus a heaping 2 tablespoons (7 ounces) light brown sugar
During the last two years, more than $100 billion in federal stimulus has helped states and school districts shore up school spending. Even so, Missouri schools are dealing with cuts to full-day kindergarten, art, music, Parents as Teachers and summer school, all programs that Missouri had previously spent years building up, Nicastro said. In her 34 years as an educator, never has a budget situation been this dire, she said.
Oh, and Lambert trips on the elaborate stage set (1:42 minutes in on the above video) but manages to land in the perfect position to leg hump a backup dancer. Bravo.
The crowd also included business and political movers and shakers, such as Vince Schoemehl, Jill McGuire, Ron Fromm, Debra Hollingsworth, Glenn Sheffield, Walter Galvin, Donna Wilkinson, Jim Krekeler, Kathy Osborn, Michael Weisbrod and Deborah Patterson.
The Corps will plant trees at 83 sites on 5.6 miles of riverbank from Tehama to Lathrop. Many are in Garamendi's own neighborhood in the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta, including sites near Walnut Grove, Clarksburg and Hood.
Ravi Sinha sobbed audibly and held his face in his hands in a New Brunswick courtroom following the replay of his phone call for help on June 25, 2010.
Pretty much all pole-dancing studios do a brisk bridal business. That was what Bonebrake's sister, Katie Nugent, selected for her bachelorette party two years ago. "It's fun to step outside your comfort zone before you get married and do something adventurous and crazy," the 31-year-old says.
"Doesn't change anything," Daniel Sedin said. "Still only three teams have come back from 3-0, but this is what we had to do to have a chance. We have no pressure. That's the way we look at it. We know there's a less than 5 percent chance ... but we'll come in tomorrow with a smile on our face and see what we can do."
While the film's infrastructure may be creaky at times, not unlike the leaking faucets and crumbling rooms of the aging Marigold Hotel, its heart is solid gold. It starts with director John Madden, who is always adept at spinning a yarn; here, he has completely embraced the whimsy of screenwriter Ol Parker's adaptation of Deborah Moggach's novel "These Foolish Things," about "outsourcing" one's retirement to India. That country's Rajasthan region, where the film is set, lends its exotic temples, emerging industry and teeming humanity to provide a vibrant backdrop, and it's beautifully shot by cinematographer Ben Davis, who last worked with the director on"The Debt," which was released in the U.S. last year.
But, Gunther cautioned, only through long-term research will scientists come to know what brought the harbor porpoise back.
Roth’s first fiction book, "Goodbye, Columbus," appeared in 1959, a month after he turned 26, but in 1969 it was his relentlessly salacious comic novel "Portnoy’s Complaint" that catapulted him into public consciousness — and public controversy.
“He is out of touch with what the crisis is in this state,” Greenwald (D-Camden) said during an hour-long tele-town hall. “I believe the focus truly needs to be on property taxes.”
The brooch, made of gold with a copper backplate, is part of a type of jewelry worn among the Franks in the 8th or 9th century to proclaim status and ward off malevolent forces.
Walker continued, urging the district to consider other cuts: “Let’s be careful that the dollar isn’t driving all our decisions,” she said, which led audience members to applaud.
Can't hardly wait: What's she most looking forward to about the Idols Live tour? "Not being judged and just singing for our fans."
San Francisco's AtomShockwave Corp., which operates the online film site, plans to introduce a Mobile Movie Theater section today with three short independent films: "Football,'' "In God We Trust'' and "Rockfish.''
The matter comes to a head next month, when the Commerce Department will announce a determination on a possible second round of tariffs on Chinese-made silicon-based photovoltaic cells, which convert sunlight into electricity and are by far the most popular solar technology.
The challenge: How do we energize young adults about St. Louis, and get them to stay here and engage in the city?
Buchanan allegedly delivered heroin to Shannon Barton at her home in the 900 block of Ohio Avenue. Barton died after injecting some of the heroin, said Stephanee Smith, spokeswoman for the Madison County State's Attorney's Office.
At Lakers
The victim was identified as an individual who is diagnosed with Down syndrome and is physically helpless and mentally incapacitated, State Police said.
Kimberly and Chrissy are off to fluff Raquel; that night is Chrissy's surprise party. Raquel is clearly thrilled with the final results, and in an actual honest-to-God genuine moment, Raquel's dad is thrilled too.
Louis native Darius Miles was arrested Wednesday afternoon at Lambert-St. Louis International Airport for allegedly trying to bring a loaded firearm through security, authorities said.
Using the deep submergence vehicle, Mir, Cameron famously descended to the Titanic in the mid-1990s to shoot footage for his movie, "Titanic."
Democrats are saying "the school year will be shortened, the DMV will close every other Thursday," said DeVore, a former Orange County assemblyman who was vice chairman of the Assembly Committee on Revenue and Taxation.
Jackson was also widely reported to be addicted to painkillers from pain he developed after he was burned while filming a Pepsi commercial in 1984.
Some of the articles use rats to study the effects of hangover. A surprisingly large number use female college students.
Dispensaries in Marin and California have openly sold marijuana since voters approved its medicinal use in 1996. The Marin Alliance for Medical Marijuana in Fairfax opened that same year and was the state's oldest operating dispensary when it closed in December 2011.
Part of the improved performance can be attributed to a stronger economy and fewer companies competing for business, industry officials say, but also to the extraordinary lengths that companies have gone to reduce their exposure to high fuel prices.
Another "Revolutionary Times" event will be held on April 16, 17 and 18.
Credit Suisse analyst Catherine Arnold wrote to investors that the deal's addition to Pfizer earnings "should be massive." She thinks earnings could be boosted even before the second year, as Pfizer is predicting.
Monti has vowed not to run for office in national elections scheduled for 2013, and his government of technocrats wasn't being judged in the elections. But the parties that support him were and the results should be a gauge of whether Italians will punish them or simply stay home.
"Detectives were able to link all arrested subjects by their use of the Internet to download or distribute images of child pornography," said Sgt. Stephen Jones of the state police.
"They've taught me how to look at a restaurant as a cohesive package."
Breitbart defended the legitimacy of the site's reporting and said he hoped Weiner would apologize for "being complicit in a blame-the-messenger strategy" for saying his account was hacked. He also claimed to have another "X-rated" image of the congressman that he would not release.
The patrol said he wasn't wearing a seat belt.
Taylor insisted he was an innocent victim of neocolonialism and a political process aimed at preventing him from returning to power in Liberia. In seven months of testimony in his own defense, he cast himself as a peacemaker and statesman in West Africa.
The United Network for Organ Sharing, which manages the nation's organ-transplant system, requires that transplant centers keep tabs on living donors for two years after surgery, and submit forms to UNOS with information on how they're doing -- basic data such as overall health, whether the patient is still living and employment status.
Cleveland won second place in the AFC Central Division and home-field advantage in the wild-card game with its 10-6 record. Houston was also 10-6, but officially finished third because of a 3-3 record in the division.
When asked which rappers inspire him, one name keeps coming up — Curren$y, the New Orleans rapper who signed a deal with Warner Bros. after building a cult-following online. But it isn’t just Curren$y’s grassroots approach that Rome admires. It’s the fact that Curren$y found success without playing a tough-talking character, without regards for gangsta posturing and self-consciousness. For Rome, who grew up with a chip on his shoulder to dispel the notion he was “different,” it’s downright liberating.
A monitor attached to her softly rounded belly tracked the vital signs within. Doctors ordered X-rays of the fetus and gave Alex steroid shots, aiming to help the baby breathe more easily, should she go into premature labor or require an emergency cesarean section.
"First-class travel is excessive," said William Sannwald, a professor in the School of Business at San Diego State University. "You have to show a business case as to why it's valuable to the port and I don't know if they can do that."
The 52-year-old actor was axed from the ABC dance competition Tuesday despite turning in a samba that the judges praised.
"I always know the first three races of the season are the important ones, and last year was the worst (start)," said Castroneves, who ended the season 11th. "This year, we're starting the right way and it's like people are saying it's a good season the guy is starting to have.
The secretary of state's website lists Starr and Avakian running in the May primary. As it should, seethed Starr, who is considering legal action. "All precedent says nonpartisan elections are in May."
“Our goal is to come out of here with a split on Tuesday night,” said Edmonton coach Derek Laxdal, whose team outshot Portland 23-7 in the third period and 37-33 for the game. “We have to play the same way that we played in the third period, with that same urgency and that same passion.”
Road Rant e-mailer Allen Hook of Avon Lake admits he fell for this one.
While the best steelhead and salmon fishing is on the Lake Michigan rivers on the west coast of the state, largely because few east coast rivers have good spawning habitat, there has been an unusually large run of steelhead from Lake Huron into the lower Au Sable River.
Kumar continuously shifts the lineup around to create new combinations, rotating this guitarist in, and that vocalist out. It's a delicate dance, always, with the potential for ruffled feathers. But Kumar has mastered the balance.
Plans to bring a $1 billion resort-style casino to the New England Patriots' hometown have been suspended, Las Vegas casino developer Steve Wynn and the team's owner said Tuesday.
Since then we have corresponded frequently. But that's not why I idolize him.
1st District race: Two stories popped up in this morning about the race to replace David Wu in Congress. First, The Oregonian's Jeff Mapes reports that the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee is now on track to spend about $1.3 million on television ads aimed at ensuring that Democrat Suzanne Bonamici defeats Republican Rob Cornilles. Second, OPBNews reports that the candidates and voters are focused on economic growth.
29 Jesse Garrett TOW Dave Hinton WOO Fall 3:46 7.0
Among Democrats, top complaint is that Congress hasn't forced changes in Iraq war. Among Republicans, it is "partisan gridlock." Independents spread blame equally among gridlock, "wasteful spending," demise of immigration bill, "control by special interests" and failure to focus on domestic issues.
Millar also disputed Kucinich's contention that the pipeline would boost gasoline prices in the Midwest and elsewhere.
<U+0095> Rich Waters, 151-yard second hole at Empire Ranch, 4-hybrid
Favorite musician: Rihanna
The number of consumers in the top FICO score range -- 800 to 850 -- is now at the highest level since October 2008, according to researchers at FICO Labs.
At first glance, it seems Democrats will have the cash to make it a fight.
ø"I really hope the fans come out in big numbers and are super patriotic, excited and loud. Really make it a home court," coach Alan Knipe said. "Because other than the World League a couple of weekends a year, we rarely get to play in the United States. We play the majority of our schedule on foreign soil. So the opportunity to play here - obviously with a lot riding on the tournament - is a wonderful thing."
Discrimination claims rose in every category and, as in past years, claims based on race, sex and retaliation were most frequent. Race discrimination claims rose 7 percent, while retaliation claims jumped 8 percent.
Urban made sure nearly every part of the crowd got a good look at him, performing from the far reaches of the main stage as well as a platform on one side of the lower bowl and a satellite stage in the middle of the floor. "Whose got the good seats now?" he joked during the latter segment.
Briggs Stadium is renamed Tiger Stadium.
The National Restaurant Association sides with the healthy-dining optimists. Its "What's Hot in 2012" survey of nearly 1,800 professional chefs identifies kids nutrition and local sourcing as the hottest trends on the horizon.
Q: How close are you to satisfying the demands of the consent decree with the U.S. Department of Justice?
He was flown by medical helicopter to Detroit Receiving Hospital. His condition was not released this morning. Michigan Occupational Safety and Health Act officials are investigating the accident, according to the sheriff's office.
Who's there: City softball and kid soccer leagues; anyone under the age of 7 seven who lives in the Sunset.
Darlington Nagbe, M
A monument stands in the center of downtown Cleveland that mostly goes ignored by the locals but attracts a steady flow of out-of-state tourists.
But the spending issue strikes at the hearts of many rank-and-file members who ran their campaigns on a promise to end Washington's profligate ways. In deeply Republican districts, their voters want to cut more deeply.
But then late in the first period, McDonald broke the scoreless game on a goal that withstood an official review.
A spokesman for the Maryland attorney general's office, which argued the state's case, said the 24-page opinion was being reviewed. The state has 30 days to appeal.
This week, Novak, 59, swung through Los Angeles and briefly talked about leadership lessons, international expansion for brands such as KFC and Pizza Hut and why he thinks struggling Taco Bell will “go down in history” this year.
Since 2009 Urdangarin, the princess and their four children have lived in Washington, D.C., where Urdangarin works for the Spanish telecommunications company Telefonica, S.A.
Competitors marvel at Bermingham's form, calling it a thing of beauty.
The Nets began a push to upgrade the roster with veteran talent during the season when they acquired Gerald Wallace from Portland. Wallace, like Williams, can opt out of his final year of his deal and become a free agent this summer. They are two of several players on the team with uncertain futures, including Jordan Farmar, who has a player option for next season, Lopez, a restricted free agent, and free agents Kris Humphries and Gerald Green.
Tony's take: I'm thinking Eli Manning has a good day. Giants, 20-17.
You should thoroughly clean the soiled area with an enzymatic cleaner following the directions exactly. Next, add another one to two litter boxes to your home. Use a variety of litters and leave one box open, as many cats prefer that. Make sure the litter boxes are easy to access and always clean. You can try using a product called Feliway, a feline pheromone in the room that often has a calming effect.
Last start: Ninth, Arkansas Derby.
A two-year extension would give Obama's deficit-reduction commission time to complete its work and Congress a chance to debate its recommendations. "That's page one," Corker said. "Then we can develop policies that move us in that direction."
Norman Chad is a freelance writer in Los Angeles.
Acknowledging that the economy is the foremost concern, Obama nonetheless insisted, "Health care was one of those issues that we could no longer ignore."
I've traveled to many places, but I've never become so attached to the local people. Tanzanians are warm, loving and kind people who will do anything to make you feel comfortable and safe. They enjoyed teaching us about their country and their language.
I got no complaints, man. We're on the East Coast now. We started in the secondary markets. It's kind of ramping up, now that we're getting close to the big cities.
210 N 17th St #796, $49,995
For the potatoes: Bring a large pot of heavily salted water to boil. Drop in potatoes, and cook until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain, and cool slightly. Cut each potato in half, and scoop out center with a melon baller or small measuring spoon, leaving only a 1/8 to 1/4-inch shell. Cut a bit of the bottom off each potato, so they will stand up on a plate.
"Drive the 'Pie Trail' in Wisconsin and Minnesota. Both have a Scandinavian heritage, and great bakers make incredible pies. I went to the Norske Nook, in Osseo, Wis., where for $2 or $3 you get a slice of sour cream and raisin pie. There's a whole great route you can do: Eat your way toward Duluth! If you need a break for fun stuff, visit the Apostle Islands in Lake Superior."
3015 Newgate Dr, $87,000
It can be a game of diminishing returns. After haggling with an insurance company to cover a patient's prescription, the insurer may subsequently move the prescription to mail order.
Last Week’s Rally
Rose's teammates tried to offer some comforting words as the trainer and assistant trainer helped him off the court.
øInside is a powerful dual-core processor and 16 gigabytes of storage, expandable via microSD by 32 GB. It has an impressive rear-facing 8-megapixel autofocus camera that can capture stills and high-definition video, and a front-facing 2-megapixel camera for video chats.
Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback told CNN Sunday that "97 tornadoes touched down" in his state; the National Weather Service has not confirmed the exact number of twisters.
But efforts to renovate the Alhambra faltered, and it eventually was purchased by Transitional Living Centers.
Larry King <U+200F> (@kingsthings): Dick Clark was a great friend, true legend, & a master journalist. Nobody did what he did better. It was a pleasure to be in his company. ... He will be truly missed.
Spanning the border between Normandy and Brittany, Mont-St.-Michel Bay is known for its tides, which raise and lower the water level as much as 45 feet a day, and made the monastery accessible only by boat before the construction of a bridge connecting it to the mainland. People still have to look sharp when the tide comes in "as fast as a galloping horse," Victor Hugo said.
What he didn't sing was this: "I want your psycho, your vertical stick/Want you in my rear window, baby, you're sick."
Running the show will be chef Danny Del Prado, a Bar La Grassa veteran who has spent the past several years working in Portland, Ore.
Guard Jose Juan Barea scored 17 points for the Mavericks, canning 4-of-5 3-pointers.
The uprising that began a year ago has transformed into an armed insurgency that many fear is pushing the country toward civil war.
Clayton Rask made a mess of his final two holes at Rush Creek in Maple Grove on Tuesday.
This salad is best made with a sturdier cabbage like white cabbage or Savoy. Napa, which has a higher water content, will give you a watery slaw. If you want a more filling slaw, add a few black beans, but make sure you drain and quickly rinse them so they don't turn the salad black.
Another Princeton Avenue resident told police she was awakened by a car alarm before 5 a.m. and then she heard a “loud crack,” reports said, adding that when she looked out her window she saw a man breaking the mirrors off several parked cars, reports said.
"I know our kids have a better knowledge of our scheme," Kelly said. "(And) a better understanding of the situation because we've had a real chance to not only coach them and put them in those situations, but (also) get film on it and reinforce it when we get in the film room."
County payroll records show Cook was hired in 2006 as an assistant county prosecutor in 2006, at a salary of $60,000. The 2010 payroll shows him earning $67,243.
“You can say that,” Missouri defensive tackle Sheldon Richardson said. “We left with a victory, so you can always say that.”
The Colts have gone to Robert Griffin III's pro day, but Griffin's people didn't have him do private workouts for any teams and the Colts did not extend an invitation to the Baylor quarterback to come to Indianapolis for a private talk.
"I thought we really came out and played a great first quarter for us," Neff said. "We even told the kids at the quarter that we didn't shoot well and we had still played a good game."
Oregon (9-1, 7-0 Pacific-12 Conference) got off to a slow start with minus-1 yard of offense in the first quarter. Then early in the second quarter, running back LaMichael James went left, hit a crease, turned on the jets and cruised to the end zone with nary a Cardinal in sight.
"It's going to be the biggest chamber music programs we've ever presented," Beach said.
Subscribing to the Clinic’s more healthy and natural campaign, they began stocking merchandise that was made of organic and natural fibers. And it became wildly popular, gaining not only customers employed at the Clinic, but from the surrounding eastern suburbs.
The end? We’ve only just begun.
The fight may be costly. Michigan First tells potential investors that before one brick can be laid it will have to raise nearly $50 million to collect enough signatures for its campaign and then woo voter support for a November constitutional amendment to allow non-tribal casinos in Michigan First's designated cities: four in the Detroit area and one each in Grand Rapids, Lansing, Cadillac and the Flint-Bay City-Saginaw area.
In January, Luman was appointed to Position 5 by the council to take the place of Clark's late husband, Councilor Del Clark, who died after a long battle with cancer last year. City rules require an election if more than 13 months remain on the unfinished term. Del Clark's term would have expired at the end of 2012.
"Time to bust this time capsule," I tell the home-staging manager.
Now, rustic decor, salvaged antiques are ubiquitous, a design cliche. Sanchez, who used to run Good Love, also in Canton, and Gruver raided Second Chance and auctions for pieces to make their bar look old-school, and they've clearly spent a lot of time and effort.
Supposedly towns like St. Louis, Milwaukee and Denver are more acceptable.
That may be wishful thinking. Groups opposing Emanuel's original plan continue to call for a 61/2-hour day, and with another round of budget cuts looming, some question whether CPS has the money to support a seven-hour day.
Cartwright, 48, of St. Clair, was fatally injured in a traffic crash about 3 p.m. Friday on Highway 30 just east of Bethel Church Road, southeast of St. Clair. Cartwright's motorcycle went off the right side of the road on a curve and overturned, the Missouri Highway Patrol said. He died at St. John's Mercy Hospital in Washington at 4:20 p.m., the patrol said.
-- J.J., Northfield
Do I regret it? I have mixed feelings. On one hand, I'm glad I finally got the awkward first time over with. On the other hand, the reason I waited so long was because I wanted to be in love. I kind of wish I'd stuck with that. I've decided to go back to waiting for love. I just hope I actually fall in love soon.
Big applause.
Lincoln Sandham, 17, of Chesterland, and his brother, Stephen, 11, are veterans of the Marvel comic-book movie.
Luskin and his wife of 19 years, Andrea Kempf, plan to stay in Kansas City. He wants to volunteer for Head Start, continue studying Japanese (which he has done on and off for years), start taking piano lessons again, spend more time with family and travel.
Charges related to the actual Watergate burglary and cover-up also were dropped. He served seven months in prison.
"Nice to see you all on Sunday, God Bless America," Pine calls to the crowd.
Consider an unmarried man in average health, age 62—the youngest age for starting retirement benefits. His payoff for waiting until age 67 to collect is the equivalent of buying a long-term bond that pays 3.2% a year. For a woman, all else held equal, it's a 4% yearly return, according to Mr. Shoven and his research partner, Sita Slavov at Occidental College.
Weighing about 12 ounces, Kunik is a bloomy rind wheel similar to Camembert. But the size, shape and rind are where the similarities end.
"I had an amazing day with those three kiddos. They are light, laughter and joy.
19 MARILYN CIR $96,000
"We will be back, en masse, in the same way" at future public forums, Tony Hopson, president of Self Enhancement Inc., told school board members.
Per serving (based on 4): 280 calories, 8 g protein, 13 g carbohydrates, 24 g fat, 17 g saturated fat, 40 mg cholesterol, 260 mg sodium, 5 g dietary fiber, 5 g sugar
The body does not digest and absorb some carbohydrates -- the sugar, starches and fiber found in many foods -- in the small intestine because of a shortage or absence of certain enzymes that aid digestion. Bacteria (which are normally found in the colon but can spread to the small intestine) go through a process called bacterial fermentation on undigested food, which produces gas.
He boarded up his windows yesterday, and he wrote "gone golfing" on the plywood.
Disputes between programmers and distributors over fees have become very common over the past few years, although it is still rare that channels are pulled down.
"We didn't have anything to hide. One of the best things we did was bring (AD) Tim (Pernetti) with us on the road. It was a little tricky. We had to deal with questions you usually don't.
Others had wide-ranging advice for their fellow teachers.
I am astounded at the bravery these survivors have shown, and I applaud their efforts to come together to be heard and to make sure that this extremely violent pedophile never sees the light of day again. As a survivor of sexual abuse myself, there is nothing I would not do to support them in their quest for justice.
Among prominent economists, Krugman isn't alone in advocating higher inflation. But not Bernanke.
To make the design blend even more seamlessly into its site, Kendle gave the home a butterfly roof, sloping up the mountain. And its polished concrete floors were mixed with the site's desert soil, to perfectly match the outdoors.
Critics say that under the waiver rule, for example, home contractors might ask for an exemption so they wouldn’t have to list materials they use when building a retaining wall, something now required under the Consumer Fraud Act. If the wall should collapse from unspecified and/or shoddy materials, the critics argue, a homeowner would have no legal recourse.
We have super commercial areas -- most of them owner-occupied or that have owners with very strong Cleveland Heights ties. We have great public, private and parochial schools, 135 acres of parkland, and we have probably the best library system in the state of Ohio.
Friends confirmed his death to The Associated Press, saying it was the result of a fall at his home. Cowan was in good health and was planning to travel and continue working with the nonprofit science institute that he helped found in 1984.
Burger Me, 10418 Donner Pass Road. Open daily, 11 a.m. to 8 p.m., with burgers starting at around $6. (530) 587-8852.
All of the homes Reynolds targeted were in the 3900 block of Potomac Street, court documents say. Police said Reynolds tried to break into a home Jan. 30 but left instead after realizing someone was home. Police said Reynolds admitted stealing a laptop and flat screen television from a home Feb. 6, as well as breaking into another home Feb. 8 and taking a jar of loose change.
St. Louis residents continue to clean up today in the aftermath of storms that swept over the metro area early Saturday evening.
The proposal calls for cutting $770 billion from non-defense domestic spending by 2023. That figure does not include spending on major benefit programs like Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security. The plan also would reduce defense spending by $400 billion during the same 12 years.
Under Cable in 2010, the Raiders were 5-6 before finishing 3-2 while beating three division opponents to complete a 6-0 sweep of the AFC West.
“It’s like liquid,” he said. “It’s like liquid adrenaline. You can’t make it like this.”
Southeast Gladstone Street between Cesar E. Chavez Boulevard and 42nd Avenue just got a facelift.
Opponents, led by Senate Minority Leader Gretchen Whitmer, D-East Lansing, called the proposal "another corporate giveaway" that will decimate local schools, police and fire services and won't create jobs.
July 25, 2005
Don't miss: The inky Santa Cruz Mountains petite sirah and the well-structured BXR Bordeaux-style blend.
Volunteers also learn more about the nonprofits in their own backyard, where underpaid staffers and volunteers work tirelessly all year long.
For the first time in nearly 20 months, the public will experience the inside of Anthony Sowell’s Imperial Avenue home -- where the remains of 11 women were discovered stuffed in crawl spaces, buried in shallow graves or left decomposing in the open air.
The talks Wednesday into Thursday morning were about the salary cap system, and Commissioner David Stern said they likely will stick with that issue when they resume.
My palate has changed over the years, and I now prefer a less oaked or totally unoaked chardonnay. I found the Avant to be delicious and much more to my liking. Wine Enthusiast liked it too, giving the wine 90 points. While I could taste the oak, it was quite mild. The wine was fermented in a combination of neutral oak barrels and stainless steel tanks. Although it also has a 13.5 percent alcohol level, it was not as big and fruity as the Vintner's Reserve. Instead it was bright and crisp, with the fresh flavor of green apples and citrus with some tropical fruit notes. This wine has good structure, a refreshing acidity and a nice clean finish. The Avant would work both as an aperitif and as a pair with shellfish and lighter foods.
Born: June 24, 1993, in Broomfield.
View full sizeAP PhotoWashington's Tony Wroten, left, and Terrence Ross have both declared for the NBA draft.SEATTLE — Once Tony Wroten got word from an NBA advisory committee that he'd almost assuredly be a first-round pick, the polarizing Washington freshman was headed for the pros.
The lawsuit comes as PSE&G confirmed financial settlements with several towns, including Parsippany, Montville, Byram, Andover, Roseland, Hopatcong, Sparta and Stillwater, that stand in the path of the proposed 500-kilowatt power line. The line will run along an existing 230-kilowatt power line built in the early 1900s through 16 towns in Warren, Sussex and Morris counties, ending in Roseland in Essex County.
Devin Drake's mother, Elizabeth Moorman, also is in custody; she was charged with second-degree manslaughter. Her trial is to start in July.
But Ron Bernoski, president of the union that represents the judges, said that kind of demand is arbitrary and only sets a lot of them up for failure.
Ordering: 48-hours notice.
"Their defense ... they're a phenomenal team. I knew our shots would be limited tonight."
Patrick is sure to have her hands full at Darlington and will no doubt quickly earn her "Darlington stripe" — the worn mark along car's right side from continually rubbing against the outside walls — once practice starts Friday for Saturday night's race.
Fears of last-minute glitches still lingered today, but the parents-to-be were individually greeted as children darted around the spacious lobby.
"It was nice to get some opportunity there today," van Riemsdyk said. "Lavy told me he was gonna ease me in there from the start of the last series and I was able to take advantage of some of the chances I got."
"We can't regulate our way out of this," said Jeff Levi, executive director of the Trust for America's Health. "We need to work with industry cooperatively to help change consumers' tastes and habits."
An Oregon couple who invested $250,000 in Grifphon's Alpha 1 Fund recently settled a claim against their broker, Scott J. Roberts, according to attorneys involved. The claim, filed with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, accused Roberts and his former firm, KMS Financial Services Inc., of violating securities laws when he recommended investing in Grifphon.
Several construction workers at a clinic in San Diego stumbled back to work shortly before dawn.
The course records are 2:10:29 for the men, set in 2000, and 2:30:15 for the women, set in 1998. Helping hands: After passing Team Hoyt in the Boston Marathon a handful of times, Jim Rowell finally decided to ask Barry Winovich if he'd like to do something similar. Team Hoyt is a father-son pairing in which Dick Hoyt pushes his wheelchair-bound son, Rick, who has cerebral palsy, so that he can compete in marathons and triathlons across the country.
The Spring Spectacular show celebrates the end of the school year and features all choirs and soloists. Music includes jazz, Broadway and rock selections.
However, Williams recently went to the mailbox and received a nice royalty check for "I Was Fooled," which he wrote for Chicago blues harmonica player Billy Boy Arnold. The song has been covered twice by Eric Clapton, first with the Yardbirds and then as a bonus track on the 2010 release "Clapton."
That's one reason the Obama campaign is increasingly customizing its strategy for different states. A message of progress in Michigan and Ohio, where the unemployment rate has decreased by 5.7% and 3.1%, respectively, from all-time highs, has greater resonance than in Nevada, where the rate of 12.0% leads the nation. Virginia's 5.6% unemployment rate is ninth-lowest in the nation.
Smyth later was convicted of 74 counts of child sexual abuse in the Irish Republic and died in a military prison in 1997.
"We're not selling turbines," Wyrsch likes to say, concentrating instead on the projected two-decade life of wind-farm equipment. "We're selling 20-year relationships with developers, communities and landowners."
WINSLOW TWP. — Two 18-year-olds have been arrested in connection with the armed robbery of two juveniles on March 14.
He was also an author, with "Dick Clark's American Bandstand" and such self-help books as "Dick Clark's Program for Success in Your Business and Personal Life" and "Looking Great, Staying Young."
The Transportation Department, which includes the FAA, said in a statement that it will "promptly review, investigate and take aggressive action where necessary to ensure our high safety standards were met."
øANAHEIM, Calif. (AP) - C.J. Wilson pitched five-hit ball into the eighth inning, Torii Hunter homered and drove in three runs, and the Los Angeles Angels returned from a rough road trip with a 4-3 victory over the miserable Minnesota Twins on Monday night.
3770 SUGAR LAKE DR $395,000
Mayor Frank Jackson stayed until the very end.
"We're excited being undefeated going to play St. Joe's," said Howell coach Justin Young, whose team is No. 3 in the
Judge Philip Heagney, who replaced Garvey on Jan. 1 in the criminal assignment division, said he will continue the practice for now, keeping an eye on future crime statistics and what researchers find.
It's been a long wait for dealers pining to get new Lincoln models into their showrooms.
"But we've come a long way from our first year when we only won seven games," the coach said. "This is rewarding because you appreciate even more the challenge of convincing players to have faith in what we were doing."
"What you have done was irresponsibly push for the tax increase without responsibly warning voters that increased taxes may well drive business out of our city and would most likely prevent new businesses from coming into our city," Bowen said.
11:18 a.m.: Occupier Lucky McClish said he's searching for his 7-week-old puppy, Chubs, who was last seen in their tent. The tent has since been removed by police.
The good news for the Yankees is that its bullpen has been outstanding through the first 10 games of the season. Even though the bullpen has been taxed -- their 34 1/3 innings pitched are third in the American League behind only the Royals and the Indians -- they have been excellent:
"We have the necessary tools in the toolbox and we will use this wisely," she said after the meeting of finance ministers and central bank governors of the G-20 countries. The group includes traditional economic powers such as the United States and Germany and emerging powers such as China and Brazil.
Pirate — Contemporary Art
Such dancing is life itself.
Variety the Children's Charity of St. Louis' Variety Week 2012 wraps up April 28 at the Peabody Opera House with a headlining performance from music legend Diana Ross, and tickets have become a bit more affordable.
You can try to contact your mom's doctor to discuss her condition, particularly given that you're concerned she may be suffering from dementia and unable to properly care for herself.
"Disguised as a deficit reduction plan, it's really an attempt to impose a radical vision on our country," Obama will say at an Associated Press luncheon, according to excerpts of his remarks released by the White House. "It's antithetical to our entire history as a land of opportunity and upward mobility for everyone who's willing to work for it – a place where prosperity doesn't trickle down from the top, but grows outward from the heart of the middle class."
Accessibility: Upper-level dining room, lounge and restrooms accessible via el evator. Lower level is down several steps.
A crew member aboard the Gypsy Blood called the Coast Guard Station Manasquan around 10 a.m. The Coast Guard sent a lifeboat crew, including two emergency medical technicians who performed CPR, but the diver was pronounced dead shortly after arriving at the station.
Arbutus is the home town of former Maryland Gov. Bob Ehrlich, who like Romney served a single term from 2003-2007. Romney's top backer in the state, he dismissed any potential fallout a campaign aide's remark may have.
Last week: 27
"A Pretty Girl Is Like a Melody." "Besame Mucho." "New York, New York."
"Well, it started with the scouts' reports, the combine interviews," Fisher said. "We had a member of our organization go to Florida and spend several days down there and some time in north Alabama. We talked to many, many people who crossed paths with him since he was a young boy growing up in Pahokia, Florida. We did our work, and every person we talked to said, ‘Take him.'
On cross-examination, Garcia's attorney, Harry Robertson, managed to inflict some damage on Donnelly's story. She admitted that she was a heavy user of marijuana and alcohol, occasionally blacking out from drinking too much.
As is typical of the partnerships between Ashforth Pacific and its investor partners, Langley will have a minority stake in the planned development but will run its operations. The development will be between 1 million and 1.5 million square feet, and the project is in its design phase.
Some specifics:
"This has been a compressed season, a lot more games, a lot less practice time, a lot less recovery time," Knicks guard Baron Davis said. "You can definitely look at the season and just look at the schedule and say that guys really never got the ample amount of time to rest and heal their bones because you're fighting for playoff position. It's game after game after game. So, you know, it's tough. But there's injuries, there's freak injuries in basketball that's always happening."
The Grassler family had to move from North Carolina when Frank, who works for Gilead Sciences, was relocated to the firm's offices in Foster City. Holt, his wife, said the company's relocation specialist took them on a whirlwind tour of 11 Bay Area cities. Half Moon Bay wasn't on the list; they had to ask to see it.
About TeachHUB.com
There's still nothing too forward-looking or exotic on the menu, just basic French cooking with the addition of some contemporary and North African accents.
An investment group spearheaded by a Newport Beach family has become the second buyer in the past 18 months agreeing to purchase the Balboa Bay Club on the shores of Newport Bay, the buyers' representatives announced Tuesday.
Newson had an extensive arrest record, with many of the busts for drug-related offenses. He had long struggled with drugs, his brother, Gene Newson, said at the time.
Island at Portland Ashgrove2
Fernandez, dressed in a black suit, declined to speak when the judge opened the floor for statements.
"We went out and purchased our own (spill-containment equipment)," he said. "We spent about $250,000 to $300,000 of our county money."
I asked Peyton if he had leaned on older brother Cooper — who had been his guiding light when they were kids — for advice.
Monti suggests that there already multiple existing proposals for Tempe conference centers. He wants the city to avoid unnecessary incentives to potential developers that would ultimately bilk taxpayers.
Any deal, no matter how good, appears to come with a new cost for cash-strapped Glendale.
She was a little girl when she first saw the film about Easter Island, grainy, spit from the projector of her elementary school classroom.
The WHO said total bans on travel to Mexico -- such as one imposed by Argentina, which hasn't had any confirmed cases -- were questionable because the virus is already fairly widespread.
"We were trying to slow traffic and get it corralled," Boles said. "It was off and on for about two hours. We'd get a call, it would run off and then we'd get another call."
A: It's a matter of protecting yourself as best you can. We defer a lot of that, obviously, to the international legal community. But, in and of itself, that concern should not be the only reason a company refuses to pursue overseas deals. Look at China. Ten years ago Missouri sold $78 million worth of products there. We're going to pass $1 billion this year. Other companies have found a way to do it. There are all kinds of risks involved, but it's about assessing risk vs. opportunity. It can't be enough to just bury your head in the sand.
Ostensibly, airports are supposed to help people connect.
In 1987, the city contracted with Woods Service Co. to help the department maintain its vehicles. Ed Woods, a captain in the Monarch Fire Protection District in Chesterfield, owns the company.
Another day, an entirely different direction -- the aforementioned trip to Nanaimo.
To eat the 25 grams of soy protein necessary per day to lower cholesterol takes some dedication, however. You would need to drink 3.5 cups of soy milk (7 grams of protein per serving). Or, eat 2.5, half-cup servings of tofu (10 grams of protein per serving).
The city originally granted Fields' request, until Clean Water Services ordered a halt to the project, citing required paperwork that Fields had yet to file. Clean Water Services spokesman Mark Jockers said Fields filed the paperwork in December and has had clearance to begin cutting the trees for months.
Katherine & Mark - 39
F Weller Hlinomaz, Collegiate
"I'll tell you what, I can do you a favor with this," Romney said. "I'll choose David Letterman; help us both out."
Interpol agent Louis Salinger (an uncharacteristically rumpled Clive Owen) uncovers a plot by a banking conglomerate to sell weapons to revolutionaries and emerging nations. Owen's Salinger plays like an international Columbo.
Islamic tradition tells us of Bilal's important role. Prophet Muhammad said to him, "I heard the sound of your footsteps in Paradise just in front of me."
A parking lot security video shows the brothers' vehicle at the restaurant at the time of the shootings, he said.
The aging and sometimes foul-smelling golf clubhouse at the Hobbit's Glen Golf Club in Harper's Choice will be replaced with a new building, the crown feature of a nearly $5.9 million project expected to begin next year.
"This is definitely the biggest win of the year," swingman Dorell Wright said. "Just think about the type of roll that they have been on and the level at which Derrick Rose is playing. This is the biggest one, by far."
Not to miss: Though the Fongs are Chinese, they've been making Korean barbecue for so long they have it licked -- right down to sliced short rib served over onion on a cast-iron sizzle plate.
There was no immediate reaction from the Syrian National Council, the best-known Syrian opposition coalition, which is based in Istanbul, Turkey.
On Friday, Ohye, 85, will be featured as the grand marshal for West Sacramento's Veterans Day Parade.
The political odd couple plan to hold their first post-election lunch at the White House today to plot the way forward.
If the Razorbacks move up in the DMR results, and the Ducks drop very far, suddenly this is – on the Track & Field News form chart, anyway -- too close to call.
Smith hopes his buddy excels with the Browns, but not this Sunday. "I'm happy for him," he said. "I'm an underdog fan, so if he makes his claim for the Browns, I'm more happy for him. He's my boy, but we've got to hit him. I think he'd understand though. Don't you think?"
18 Claire Dr, $41,000
Middleton said such a provision was critical.
COLUMBUS, Ohio -- Five-star recruit Curtis Grant hit the practice field for preseason camp, and Ohio State linebackers coach Mike Vrabel started yelling. At any OSU practice during the early days on the field, it was easy to tell that the former NFL veteran was taking a major interest in his third-team middle linebacker.
Continuation/alternative
A hopped-up town
WABC 7 interviewed the family of missing Jersey City woman Shannon Gilbert after police found four bodies dumped on Long Island's Jones Beach, one of which could be her.
Obama took a hard shot at McConnell, characterizing the Kentucky senator's approach as entirely partisan. Obama said it is impossible to decouple McConnell's opposition to the White House agenda from the Republican leader's assertion that his top political priority is to defeat Obama in 2012.
The company purchased the Wilsonville Chevron on Dec. 16. The fueling center at S.W. Wilsonville Road sits more than a half-mile away from Fred Meyer – not exactly one-stop shopping, but as close as the company could come.
But while Gingrich's campaign has lagged in polls, his supporters in Annapolis greeted him as though he were leading the pack.
The day before the procedure, you restrict your diet to liquids. Then drink a bottle of magnesium citrate, followed a few hours later by 8 ounces of the MoviPrep in four 15-minute intervals. You then repeat the MoviPrep procedure five hours before the actual procedure.
We all know that America has to do more than "hope" for "change," and that's why I am backing Mitt Romney. Not only is he the strongest candidate to challenge the Barack Obama machine, Mitt Romney is prepared and uniquely qualified to replace him as president of the United States. And he has pledged that on Day One of his administration, he will begin to undo the damage our nation has suffered since January 2009 under Barack Obama.
In art, students are allowed to show off their talents by painting right on the walls of the school's hallways. The walls have served as canvases for hundreds of original works along with replicas of pieces from Leonardo da Vinci, Claude Monet, Pablo Picasso and other artists.
, who play inter-supernatural couple Sookie Stackhouse and Bill Compton, got married Saturday night in Malibu, People.com reports. The couple met and fell in love shortly after being cast for HBO's hit series based on Charlaine Harris' popular Southern Vampire series, and got engaged last year.
Peter Garuccio, a spokesman for the American Bankers Association, says the bureau was sold to the banking world as a vehicle that would level the playing field: Companies that compete with banks would, for the first time, have to follow the same rules.
Napravnik became the first female jockey to win the Kentucky Oaks, keeping Believe You Can near the front from the start before pulling away from Broadway's Alibi in the $1 million race for 3-year-old fillies at Churchill Downs on Friday.
All the crops came in late and, for a guy whose life has been judged by the clock for 16 years, it was hard to take.
Missouri eighth-graders scored five points higher than the national average, and four points better than eighth-graders did in
A Los Angeles County Fire Department search and rescue team arrived at Misawa Air Base about 400 miles north of Tokyo at about 3 p.m. local time Sunday with 74 tons of equipment, including swift-water rescue gear and six search dogs, spokesman Don Kunitomi said.
But retail analyst Robert Antall, who calls himself a serious golfer for the past 54 years, expressed doubts about the idea of opening more stores, pointing out that the number of golfers nationwide has fallen.
The alliance's board has formed a task force to find a successor to McDonald.
Defenseman Steve Eminger returned from injury to fill in, and saw limited action as a forward.
Mix and other engineers had determined that the top kill wouldn't work if oil was flowing out of the broken well at a rate of more than 15,000 barrels a day, according to the indictment.
That’s twice in about 40 feet of hall that Rivers used the word “you” while stating that things were unalterable. And if he meant me specifically, well, there should be no disagreement. My knees are shot, and my jumper never did listen to reason.
"The future really depends on what is offered by employers," says Ms. Hewlett. "If women see a way to make room for other priorities without losing their ability to be successful, we'll see high-powered women that are also mothers."
With 15 games remaining in the regular season, there can be no excuses about a lack of focus anymore. There can be no talk of how much time it takes to get chemistry right. There can be no regrets, and the margin for error is too thin for talk about experimenting and ironing out bugs.
Huffman recounted driving up a long winding driveway, past a guard, to Mellon’s home in Virginia horse country.
He said fire employees hope to get a chief who would be comfortable with Phoenix's automatic-aid system, which means that firefighters who are closest to an incident respond, even if the situation falls outside city limits. They also want someone who has experience working with a union.
Gingrich told reporters earlier Tuesday at the Maryland Statehouse, "The money is very tight, obviously."
Christian Rajcic
By 2005, Watterson was doing the same in New York for Citigroup and Bank of America.
Immediately after getting the letter, Nguyen said, he fired the operator and began making repairs and other upgrades to the motel's 86 rooms at about $1,000 per room. He said he also has hired a private security patrol, and is living onsite, running the motel himself.
From holding the school record for most pins in a career with 82 in high school to having 121 career wins between 2000 and 2003 at Kent State, Nemeth has brought that excellence to millions each week across the country.
“We want people to be aware of their surroundings. It’s the little things,” Raroha said. “We’re trying to make it a better place. If there’s trash blowing around, pick it up. If people see it but don’t care, it’s a downward spiral.”
Oversized sturgeon do that and Carver fishing guide Bob Toman has had his share of oversized sturgeon in the frenetic spring chinook salmon melee of the past two weeks below Willamette Falls.
The statement Tuesday by the nation's highest-ranking elected Republican sends a strong signal to party activists in this high-stakes election year, in which the presidency and majorities of Congress are at stake. Obama's stewardship of the economy is the issue that matters, Boehner said in response to questions about how prominently Republicans should play it on the campaign trail.
Police Chief Robert White told Blanche Smerdel and her daughter, Susan: "You will always be part of (the Denver police) family."
There are few touchier issues on Staten Island than garbage.
So Pat came back. The next year, she was going out with a young man from Parks College at St. Louis University. His name was Jim Gehring. Pat became pregnant. Although she was in love with Gehring, she did not want to force him to get married. She also was not sure that she was ready to be a mother.
DRUG INVESTIGATION, WARRENSVILLE CENTER ROAD: An officer on patrol at 10:45 a.m. April 19 saw a man sitting in a bus stop apparently rolling a marijuana cigarette. The officer knew that the area around the bus stop is one where drug activity is known to exist.
For King and the up to 600 people of all races who use Garlington's services, the beauty of the center once cloaked in ashes is a metaphor for their lives.
For this year, anyway.
1. Residents warned of ATM skimmers - Scottsdale police asked residents to pay attention to all ATMs they used after skimmers designed to retrieve data from bank cards were discovered on machines at Scottsdale banks.
At Garden Acres Park (Longmont)
This more diverse, culturally fluent and easygoing American tourist also meets a world that knows a lot more about the United States than it did a generation ago -- and it can better match the new tourist to the new image.
"To make any GPS work, you must have the proper data, and only two companies in the world have it, which means a wide moat," said Saut, who owns shares in both of those firms: Navteq Corp., and Tele Atlas N.V., which is being acquired by TomTom N.V. for nearly $2.8 billion.
Developer Jack Menashe’s new 84-unit apartment building, formerly called The Rachel, at North Williams and Mason Street has been meeting criticism for months. At 350 feet in length, the building would take up the entire block, and neighbors have consistently complained that it’s too large. Adjacent property owners say the building’s windows will look down at single-family houses and they literally don’t want it in their backyards.
While W Radio did not say where she was interviewed, she later gave an interview to the Spanish radio network Cadeba Ser, which said it was recorded in one of its studios.
Currently, the Beavers (15-7, 6-5) are tied for fourth with Arizona State and USC; Washington State is a few games behind at 4-7. After the Cougars come the Huskies, who are coming off a big win at USC. In the first conference game of the 2011-12 season, Oregon State beat Washington 60-55 in Gill Coliseum. Washington (13-10, 4-7) is in its first year under former Xavier coach Kevin McGuff.
1/4 teaspoon mustard seeds
rankings, East St. Louis (8-1 overall, 4-0 in league play) has won eight straight games. Friday's victory snapped a three-game losing streak against Belleville West (3-4, 1-3) that dated back to the final game of the 2009-10 season.
While Stewart was in the Faces, he simultaneously launched a solo career. "It was pretty easy," he said.
Peter Kinder: Missouri's Republican lieutenant governor was the
THE PRESIDENT: It is good to be back here at Lorain. Last time I was here I had an outstanding burger at Smitty's. (Laughter.) I got my own presidential football helmet at Riddell. I got a feeling I may need it between now and November. (Laughter.)
How many tragedies will it take before government interests realize they can't beat Mother Nature?
6:15: Tiger doesn't do much with his approach shot on 15 and leaves himself with a 28-footer for bird. He doesn't come close on that, and will have a 4-footer to save par. He makes that and stays at 1-under. A par5 is coming up.
Exact numbers aren't known, but ADHD likely affects as many as 2,000 children in Indianapolis Public Schools. And it may be more prevalent in poor communities, where mental illness rates are typically higher.
Shepard, a junior, was expected to start at wide receiver this season and participated in a scrimmage on Tuesday, after which coach Les Miles said he was one of the top performing receivers.
“I’m very happy with her as commissioner,” Cardozo coach Danny Scarola said. “It’s great to have someone with her pedigree and experience finally in charge. I have full confidence in her.”
For example, you want to make Robert De Niro happy? Or, at least, happier? Follow these instructions to the letter.
Blythe said his research team has been looking at ways to keep people driving safely for longer to help boost independence amongst the elderly and keep them socially connected.
And that's the way it was when Chicago Sun-Times reporter Tim Novak and I met with Cook County State's Attorney Anita Alvarez on Thursday afternoon.
"The sheer brilliance and breadth of Meryl Streep’s performances
ESPNdeportes.com is reporting the deal will be worth $35 million, just a shade above the four-year, $33.5-million extension Kendrick signed in January, and that it is expected to be announced on Thursday, when Aybar is presented with his 2011 Gold Glove Award.
The cost of this eccentricity? Sattui has previously put it at $30 million, but he prefers to avoid the question now.
Household products revenue rose 6 percent to $450.3 million on higher prices in the U.S.
But unlike the dessert, which can lead to a pudgy midsection, Puddin' the horse helps strengthen weakened abdominal muscles, says Lt. Col. Helen Horn, a retired Air Force veteran paralyzed from the waist down.
Easy for him to say. He’s his best friend on the team.
But it is also about the children who live.
The hockey team, which long has been in a rebuilding mode, has been given a relative free ride in a lot of media circles in comparison with the nearly daily dissection of the Rams and Cardinals. This probably is due in large part to the Blues being viewed by many as more accessible and fan friendly than the other local teams and the NHL having a lower profile than the NFL and MLB.
Crazy Girls
Alan Cahill was at the wheel. Chong was trimming the main sail and the others were at the rail when a massive, cresting wave approached. "I've seen large waves before but this is unlike anything I've ever seen outside of big-wave surf videos," Chong wrote.
Owens brought up a trash can. The volunteers tossed snack wrappers and picked up water bottles off the ground.
Hobbies, interests and work: Piano; cello; golf; going to the movies; eating; property manager for seasonal homeowners; Little League umpire; concession worker at spring-training and concert venues.
For baseball fans needing an early fix after a long winter, spring training is hard to beat. The weather is almost always sunny and warm (temperatures in the 70s and 80s), the ballparks are cozier than regular stadiums, beer and hot dogs are cheap(er) and everything — parking, tailgating, finding your seats, standing in line for food — is just more laid-back. Many of the seats are so close that fans can hear the on-field chatter. Players haven’t become mired in slumps or losing streaks yet, so most of them don’t mind stopping for autographs.
"The public is concerned by rising tolls and the lack of transparency surrounding them," Lautenberg said in a statement. "This hearing will allow us to review how tolling agencies are spending commuters’ money and help us make sure toll increases are justified."
"The DEA's protocol was so sloppy that somebody who was a previous prisoner secreted a small amount of meth in a plastic bag inside a blanket," Iredale said.
Now this is really interesting:
Gryphon bought Joe's at the peak of the market in January 2007 for $115 million, including assumed debt.
But down the hill, as they say, visitors get the Haight without the tie-dye or the propositions.
HARVESTING: Garden giants can produce from spring through fall. You can cut them loose, snap them off or twist them off. Always leave a few fruits in the patch for more mycelium production.
"They didn't trade me at the beginning of the season and I told them I'd go out and play as hard as I could every night to put our team in a position to win."
Jeffrey L. Dean, of Chagrin Falls, is the executive director and general counsel of the International Society of Explosives Engineers.
It would be easy enough to dismiss the story of Glendale real-estate agent Taylor Moran's astonishing 2010 sales total of $38 million as an acute case of beginner's luck.
But at a time when the former eBay CEO needs to, as she put it Friday, "rally the troops," conservative leaders made clear they were frustrated by her campaign. They held a news conference Friday charging that Whitman has waffled on key positions and even has tried to undermine them at the convention.
In a December Field Poll, 51 percent of voters said they liked Brown's proposals, and a plurality -- 41 percent -- said that pension benefits are too generous, compared with 35 percent who said they're just right and 14 percent who say they're not generous enough.
The Umpqua complex of 11 fires grew by about 85 acres overnight and the state was hit by nearly 215 lightning strikes. They could have ignited fires but areas were also hit with rain, reducing the chance of large blazes.
Date Published: 4-1-12
La Russa becomes the fourth Cardinals manager recognized and the third to technically have his number retired at least in part for his managerial success. Hall of Fame second baseman Rogers Hornsby also managed the team in an era before players and dugout staff wore numbers. Red Schoendienst, a Hall of Fame player, had his number retired in 1996. Whitey Herzog, inducted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame in 2010, had his number retired during a pregame ceremony the same year. Former third baseman Ken Boyer's No. 14 was retired, but he lasted barely two years as Cardinals manager.
A number of things have to go right for the Rockies to contend. Their lineup must mash mediocre pitching — and the Astros' staff is thin beyond Wandy Rodriguez. They must play good defense, get competent starting pitching and white-knuckle cross their fingers that the bullpen isn't gassed by June.
Ladue School District voters gave approval April 3 to Proposition 1, a tax increase of 49 cents per $100 of assessed valuation.
"I thought we would get to watch the action," complained David "Andy" Anderson, a 68-year-old retired Navy pilot from Belvedere, who was chosen as an alternate.
Langarica thrashed and kicked, finally escaping.
Age: 49
Paxton has no plans to record soon.
Welcome to Pacific Northwest News. We've got a fresh batch of headlines for you this morning, cobbled together after scouring online magazines, television stations and newspapers all over the place to find a couple of must-read stories you might otherwise have missed.
Romney spokeswoman Andrea Saul challenged Obama’s score card on kitchen-table issues.
In the U.K., retail sales bounced back in March as warm weather boosted demand for clothing and gardening supplies, and automotive fuel sales were driven higher by panic buying following a threatened strike by fuel-tanker drivers.
Buzz: Following the theory that if you've had more than 20 relationships you've missed your shot at true love, Ally Darling (Faris) tries to find the best ex from her busy dating past.
Most of the benefits filed by the younger Dilligard were paid into accounts at internet banks set up through claimants’ names but that he controlled. Those accounts had affiliated debit cards, allowing Dilligard II to withdraw funds at will. Large sums were spent at gambling tables at an Atlantic City casino, prosecutors said.
Evans said he didn't watch many of Fredette's games but saw enough to know the rookie is an accomplished shooter who also can handle the ball.
(Herb Henry Award)
Nez is listed as the top contributor for SETI.
delightful in its simplicity: a few ounces of meat smashed onto a flattop griddle, rendering it almost crispy and paper thin. A couple of bites into my double cheeseburger (Sherpa was wise enough to get a triple), I was seriously contemplating ordering a second one. The caramelized beef, oozy cheese and Wonder Bread bun provide a harmonious mix of texture and flavor. It hits the spot in a major way.
Colleagues at the veterinary hospital told Stevens that trying to raise Frank and Louie might not be good for him -- or her.
NEW BRUNSWICK — An accountant and part-time real estate developer pleaded guilty today in federal court in Trenton to perpetrating a long-running check-kiting scheme that defrauded two banks out of $1.5 million, federal authorities said.
Volunteer programs last from 1-26 weeks with start dates every week. Volunteer program fees for Peru are $1,545 for one week ($320 per additional week) and include a homestay with a local family, transportation, all meals, cultural activities and excursions, and health and travel insurance. A portion of the volunteer fee goes directly to the community for needed social development projects.
Emotions run hot on both sides.
On the bubble: Centennial (0-8, 42-283), Marriotts Ridge (0-8, 79-311).
The Weather Service has also issued tornado watched for 10 counties in Pennsylvania.
"Shame on the Democrats for taking it," he said.
The company's 3-in-1 and 4-in-1 convertible bassinets contain metal bars spaced farther apart than federal standards allow. If the Velcro-fastened fabric covering the metal bars of the bassinets is not properly adjusted, it can be dangerous.
Linda Wilson: Ramp metering has been successful in other major cities. We did look into doing it here and had a prototype as you mentioned at 64 and McCausland. We currently don't have funding or the plans to install a region-wide ramp metering program. So for the time being, we won't be doing that.
Health care is different from buying gas or groceries. Otherwise, nobody would care that a business is collecting money for providing a service. The action violates what we value. We see basic health care as a right.
Farnen said clerks at the license offices rely heavily on the information provided by the customer.
Speaking of food, hotel and restaurant meals add up quickly for families. If you don't have access to free breakfast and nibblies in hotels with club levels (such as the newly remodeled club at the Sheraton and Hyatt in Waikiki), keep in mind the food courts at Royal Hawaiian Center (upper level) and the Waikiki Shopping Plaza (underground), which have a mix of "local," Asian and mainland mall-style options.
One would think that information about voting machine malfunctions would be just as open as the democracy for which they are, quite literally, the linchpin. Instead, defects or failures in voting machines are treated as secrets. Voting system manufacturers are under no obligation to publicly report malfunctions. Officials in each of the state's election jurisdictions are left to fend for themselves. The sad reality is that slot machines are more tightly regulated than voting machines in Cleveland or Columbus.
The FBI informed Portland's police chief early on about the federal investigation. It's standard for federal authorities to deal with law enforcement, not civilian city officials who provide oversight. Reese, who was filling a patrol shift Saturday night, declined comment about the task force until he could meet with the mayor, said Sgt. Pete Simpson, his spokesman.
C Mike Napoli, 31
One additional note: Harbaugh certainly is familiar with what James can do to a defense.
"I approach the topic from the perspective that an individual is unlikely to begin a romantic relationship with someone just for the sake of moving a bill," he said. "In reality, every close friendship between a public official and lobbyist raises the same basic concerns about unequal access. At least in the case of the serious romantic relationships, those on Capitol Square and the public are often on notice of the relationship and can take steps to diminish the potential for conflicts of interest."
The record Wallace Spearmon pursued for three years is now his.
The bad: The Chorus' resistant touch screen is hair-pullingly frustrating. The UI of Muve Music is cumbersome, and the phone is a little bulky.
For instance, George Clooney persuaded Julianna Margulies to choose "ER" rather than a role in "Homicide: Life on the Street" by telling her he had just been in a meeting with Littlefield and producer John Wells and the two men desperately wanted her for the new medical drama. It was a lie. There was no such meeting; Littlefield was letting her decide for herself.
Oh, and the episode also made a viral direct hit on geekland, with a running bit about obsessively watching "Battlestar Galactica." No wonder you couldn't turn around last week without hearing/reading something online about "Portlandia" season 2.
The Huskies have saved the Big East’s battered reputation by extending their five-game roll in the conference tournament into the NCAAs. They can run, defend and rebound with anyone, and coach Jim Calhoun already has two national titles on his résumé.
Other performers are Deanne Lorette as Getrude, Kimiye Corwin as Ophelia, Anderson Matthews (who has often performed at the Rep) as Polonius, Justin Blanchard as Laertes, Jason Cannon (who has appeared on many St. Louis stages) as Horatio, and Rob Krakovski, who starred in the festival's 2003 production of "Macbeth," in a double role: the Ghost and the Player King.
Deumling's philosophy boils down to a few simple points: Surround yourself with good ingredients and fresh produce. Taste a dish as you go, and season your food liberally. Eat what you love, but be open to trying new things. And set yourself up so you aren't forced into unnecessary trips to the store. The latter involves building a stockpile of condiments (fruity olive oil and finishing salt, vinegar and lemon juice) and building blocks for future meals, things like scratch-made beans and whole grains frozen in small portions, homemade vegetable bouillon, pestos and bright, herbaceous sauces.
TIP 1: Just go. And take pictures. Your kids won't stay this little, and they won't let you dress them up funny forever.
Health tip of the week: Sugar can be a pain for kids
From what his friends say and based on the R.I.P John Louis Call Facebook page they put up, Call had many friends and loved ones. On his own Facebook page, he says he was attending Mesa Community College. He has 167 friends on his page.
Matheny said he felt Schumaker could return to the outfield in Chicago. Shane Robinson received a second consecutive start in center field Sunday and contributed two hits.
Beatty, who said she is unable to afford the prices scalpers are asking, isn't happy with the thought of attending the Saturday commencement only.
Judging from LeBron's long face, there's not much difference in Miami at the moment than what he dealt with in Cleveland, aside from the wind chill.
All of these moves are following Old Navy, which again plans to keep the lights on at the majority of its U.S. stores (in the Portland area, the hours are 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.) on Thanksgiving. Many of its sister companies, including The Gap, Banana Republic and its outlet versions, also will be open.
State law requires fire chiefs to investigate the "cause, origin and circumstances" of fires that causes at least $100 in damage or any fire of "unknown origin." The law adds that chiefs "shall especially make investigation as to whether the fire was the result of carelessness, accident, or design." In practice, government investigators focus on gathering evidence for arson.
Unlike during the two-month jury trial, when Estrada was clean-shaven and wore a suit and tie to court every day, on Tuesday he was brought to court in jail garb, his short sleeves revealing a tattoo-covered arm. He had grown a bushy goatee. He sat next to his public defender, Charlie Gillan, with his back to the widow as she expressed her sorrow and anger. Gillan had told his client not to make a statement.
At The Plain Dealer, that effort goes back at least 30 years, through a series of localized sections and pages, and geographically zoned news and advertising. Given the seven-county area this paper covers, the task has been daunting and the results uneven.
Effective Feb. 1, enrollees will pay $47.50 for 10 round-trip crossings of the Outerbridge Crossing, Bayonne and Goethals bridges, or $4.75 per round trip. That’s half the $9.50 cost for E-ZPass subscribers, and 40 percent of the $12 cash toll, for commuters at rush hour, under a multi-phase toll hike imposed by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey in September. A similar discount will continue under additional increments of the hike through 2015.
Along with the two brothers, we get Alfredo's partner Winston, a heavyset alopecia-suffering Haitian who has never thrown punches outside an arcade game. Isabel's history with abusive men makes her scalp tingle and arms tighten "when people loom unseen over her shoulder, when voices float behind her head."
Kraus said Richard asked whether he would vote for the bill offering up to $15 million annually of incentives to Ford and its suppliers. Kraus said he told the speaker he first wanted to hear testimony.
While overall shipments remain relatively modest -- Washington exported more than $720,000 worth of wine to Hong Kong in 2009, while Oregon exported about $70,000, according to industry figures -- winery owners in both states say there's promise of much more to come.
"He loved flying and working with his hands. Barrington Irving took him on his plane at the Opa-Locka Airport. He got a chance to sit in the cockpit and that did it for him,'' said Fulton, referring to the youngest person and first black person to pilot a plane around the world solo in 2007. "He wanted to be a pilot or work as a mechanic in aviation. He was mechanically inclined and could fix just about anything.''
"They thought students needed somebody who could give them solid advice. I didn't know what they meant," Wright told the South Orange Gaslight last April. "How could I advise young people smarter than me?
4 ounces cold goat cheese (Montrachet), crumbled
"I think that from an ethical perception, when you step into the public sector, you open yourself to public scrutiny," Nadler, former mayor of Santa Clara, told the San Francisco Chronicle. "It's important to have a body that can look at specific ethical ramifications and conflicts, because there can be things that are legal but unethical."
PNC Park in Pittsburgh does a tremendous job of incorporating the city into the overall ballpark picture. The yellow-painted bridges come to life from your seat inside the stadium, and boats zoom by across the Allegheny River. The peaceful backdrop, combined with all of the amenities present at PNC Park, makes it arguably the best major-league ballpark to view a game.
Some Democrats worked behind the scenes Tuesday to replace Buono as the No. 2 Senate leader with the veteran state Sen. Loretta Weinberg (D-Bergen), and a formal vote was to be held Thursday. Both Weinberg and Buono declined to comment on the jockeying.
How is this possible in 2012?
The scoping meeting will be held at 6 p.m. on May 2 at the Campbell library and will include a presentation by San Mateo County officials on the draft EIR.
At Centenary, students not checking their email are learning about the lockdown as they arrive at campus buildings, a student who is on campus said.
Robbins already has an impressive list of scholarships, and his decision could come down to a situation of whether he decides to come and play in the Big Ten or stay close to home and play in the ACC. Georgia Tech, Maryland, North Carolina and North Carolina State are all involved with his recruitment.
"It'll work itself out," he said.
The bartender refused, saying the patron had already had quite enough to drink.
"It's contagious after a while — you get that first goal and suddenly everyone's involved," coach Paul Noone said. "We started running fast breaks, transitioning down the field, guys are making the extra pass and the goals kept coming."
Her nomination comes just days after Dolan announced that he would not seek a third term at the end of this year. Harteau, 47, has been the rumored successor to Dolan since her promotion to assistant chief more than a year ago.
<U+FFFD> Prune non-native deciduous shade trees and grapevines.
Are the Mets going to become one of those teams that truly adheres to a budget? Are they going to become one of those teams, as it starts to improve, that talks about a "window?" You know, that year-or-two opportunity to try and seize the moment and win something. Because we all know teams with "windows" don’t deviate from the plan.
The federal stimulus stream is scheduled to run dry by Jan. 1, 2011. State government could also face a $733 million budget hole if recently passed tax increases on corporations and high-income earners are rejected by voters early next year.
The image of the respectable, competent doctor -- a profession Murray began striving toward as a youth in Trinidad -- started to crack the day the world's most famous entertainer died in Murray's care, and is likely to break further Monday when L.A. County prosecutors are expected to charge him with involuntary manslaughter.
Price: Patties, $2.50; entrees, $8.99 to $15.99; soups, salads and sandwiches, $6.99.
Vangundy is running for re-election this year and is unopposed in next week's Republican primary. She would not be eligible to serve in the office if convicted of the official misconduct charge, which is a felony. Under Indiana code, elected officials convicted of felonies are to be removed from office.
Stoops attended the Salpointe Catholic at Ironwood Ridge high school football game in Oro Valley on Friday night.
"People ask me about how to decorate their home," says Denison. "I say, 'With a welcoming smile at the front door.' You can never have enough candles. Turn off the overhead lights. Don't put an ending time on the invitation. Make people feel welcome."
Marian Thompson's attorney, Robert McClelland, said his client has adequate cages for the surviving animals, according to a letter obtained last week by The Associated Press through a public records request. The state's agriculture director told McClelland earlier this month that the Agriculture Department required proof of the arrangements Thompson has made for the animals' confinement and care.
Cerf denied misleading Rice about his relationship with Booker, saying he and the senator have had several "open and candid conversations about a range of issues."
"Look, the only way you know Dodger baseball is talk to the man who owns it," he said. "That's good business. You have to be in business to understand, CEO to CEO, when you make a transaction, you talk to the previous owner. You always do that. So I'm going to get all the information I needed from Frank.
2 teaspoons ground turmeric
By the time he died on Wednesday, after years of medical problems, Jobs had appeared on some
The “Market Competition and Consumer Choice Act” (A3766) is supported by lawmakers and businesses who say it will remove outdated laws and level the playing field for companies to compete.
The intense divide between the two tickets was also evident at last week’s council meeting. When Gilletti, a planning board member for more than 12 years, was speaking during the public portion against the proposed Washington Square project that includes a 20 year payment-in-lieu-of-taxes, or PILOT, agreement, he became frustrated from what he said was disrespect from council members, and Gilletti became frustrated again when he said Ginny Murphy, wife of candidate Kevin Murphy, laughed in the audience. Gilletti had a short, heated exchange with Ginny Murphy, and again with Pascetta as he left the council chambers.
Speaking at the University of North Carolina this month, Fox News president Roger Ailes suggested Gingrich was “trying to get a job at CNN because he knows he isn’t going to get to come back to Fox News.”
While rebuilding, he uncovers the history of a family he never met. But he isn't unduly poetic about the realities of being a Shadid and knows the reputation his clan has in the area.
Already, Calipari has cashed in for winning the Southeastern Conference regular-season and tournament titles, worth $50,000 each. He earned $100,000 each for making the regional semifinals and finals, and $150,000 for beating Baylor and taking the Wildcats back to the Final Four.
In 1872, Milton Slocum Latham, a California railroad baron and investor who'd served as governor, U.S. senator and congressman, commissioned a splendid 16-foot French oak mantelpiece from the distinguished American design firm Herter Brothers. It was for the dining room of Thurlow Lodge, the 50-room Menlo Park mansion that Latham was renovating in high Gilded Age style.
The reason is simple.
1821 WEST ADAMS ST $73,000
Advocates say far more illnesses are caused each year by leafy greens, deli meats and other products produced in much larger quantities than raw milk.
The preview shows Depp's character, Barnabas Collins, trying to get acquainted with his modern relatives, who live in his 18th century mansion. They include Michelle Pfeiffer and Chloe Moretz, who plays a bored teenager. An immortal witch portrayed by Eva Green threatens to destroy Collins' family if she can't have him.
"I showed him the chart, I had his weight from birth, as a child and up to middle school," said Dr. Joyce "Dr. J" Johnson, a pediatrician practicing in University City. This was five years ago, when Marvin was a sixth-grader who, at 6 feet, weighed more than 290 pounds.
"It's apparent to me that there is some tension here between the African-American community and the police," said Myers, who has met with officers, City Council members and local community leaders. "I think both the community and people of the police department want to improve that. I'm going to do whatever I can to help facilitate strengthening that connection."
Artist: Sasha Makila, conductor.
A free artist's reception takes place April 5 from 6-9 p.m.
"Because when he goes out there, if he hits (the defender), he hits him. But if he misses, it's a dead shot on the quarterback. So we're trying to get him to think a little bit more about his balance and his base, and where he is at the collision point. And not always try to go out and try to knock a guy out. Just block a guy. Don't knock him out."
To get some answers, we turned to Dr. Stephen Apaliski, an Arlington, Texas-based asthma and allergy expert who is the author of the new book, "Beating Asthma: Seven Simple Principles." In recognition of National Asthma Month, the book is available as a free download at smashwords.com.
"I enjoy it," Crouch said. "I feel like it is my duty to help out, since we only have one senior this year."
The two trades share a common thread. After the Indians traded Lee to the Phillies, Philadelphia shipped him to Seattle after reaching its second straight World Series so it could have enough money to work a deal for Roy Halladay.
Joyce said at a news conference after a Feb. 28 court hearing that Lane was someone who was "not well" and the incident did not involve bullying or drugs.
Tom Georgis, senior vice president of development of Santa Monica-based SolarReserve LLC, which is building a 150-megawatt project north of Blythe, said his company is looking over Solar Millennium, "taking a look at some of their assets to see if it might make sense."
The National Weather Service is calling for Monday to be cloudy in the Baltimore area, with a high near 67 and south winds between 5 and 10 miles per hour. There is a 20 percent chance of isolated showers after 2 p.m.
Thomas' participation in track has been rumored since the indoor season. Lananna said the track program has been waiting for Thomas to fulfill other obligations.
• The Mavericks believe they'll be facing a desperate team and need to match the Blazers' intensity to avoid a Game 7, the Fort Worth Star-Telegram's Dwain Price reports.
215 — Michael Patton, Delta, Sr. (35-3) dec. Jordan Martinez, Skyline, Sr. (31-2), 3-2.
And when this nation no longer can invest sufficiently in education, infrastructure and scientific and technological breakthroughs to keep itself at the forefront of the world economy, it eventually will face the fact that it has forfeited its military and political leadership, too.
Up next for Centaurus (9-4-2) is a second match at D'Evelyn.
* Pollution from cars and trucks spiked roughly 1,500 feet from a freeway or busy road; people who live close to roads tend to be poorer.
Of course, there are folks on the other side too. One of them is Bert Foer, president of the American Antitrust Institute. Said Foer:
1 tablespoon paprika
Perseo Quiroz, a lawyer for Sin Fronteras, said current law gives immigration officials overly broad discretion on how long to hold foreigners and under what conditions.
There are several perfect wine categories for Arizona's food and climate. Rosé, absolutely. Moscato d'Asti, heck yeah. German QBA Rieslings, uh huh. And the new Chardonnay-killer, Sauvignon Blanc.
285 Bountiful Pointe Circle, $650,000
Municipal officials said arbitration is a major reason they have trouble controlling costs. "The manner in which arbitration decisions have been applied have not been in the best interest of the municipalities and the taxpayers," Saddle River Borough Administrator Charles Cuccia said.
"I haven't heard specifically from he or his people," Colangelo said Friday at Annenberg Community Beach in Santa Monica at a USA Basketball event hosted by Jeep. "We haven't reached out to anyone. Nor will we until we have this meeting. I can tell you this morning I've had calls from players and agents that they want to participate and would be more than happy to join in at this point. We'll look at all those possibilities and we'll find out if there's interest before we extend any invitation."
Said Backes: "It's the NHL. You've got to be motivated from within. The leaders can lead, but there's enough guys that have been players. It's Game 82. If you need to be motivated right now, it's your own damn fault. We've got 26 guys, six that are not gonna play every night that are working their butts off to get in that lineup. If you don't want to be a part of the solution, then you're part of the problem and you can watch from the stands."
A line that stretched the entire length of Gililland's front gate on Beck Avenue and continued north and around the corner was formed before 8 a.m., the start time of the sale. Individuals and families bundled up and braved temperatures that hovered in the upper-40's to low-50's. As the crowd continued to grow, traffic forced vehicles to crawl through the usually quiet neighborhood and cars lined residential streets surrounding the campus.
Because most students transfer from neighboring districts, those in Beaverton and Tigard-Tualatin, and potentially Hillsboro, will be limited in their choices.
A candlelight vigil will be held at 7:30 p.m. tonight in front of the Lakewood Police Department in honor of Matlosz, who was killed in the line of duty Friday afternoon after he was shot three times as he sat inside his patrol car.
Davis had been known as an emotional player during his time with the Boston Celtics, and he has displayed that emotion over and over again in this postseason. In Game 3, he hit a fadeaway jumper in the second quarter, and after the ball rattled through the hoop, he backpedaled and high-stepped at midcourt.
Stephen Schwartz, 58, of Hillsboro, was driving west at about 6;20 p.m. on the bridge when he hit a cyclist, who was knocked onto the hood and windshield of the pickup truck, according to Sgt. Pete Simpson, spokesman for the Portland Police Bureau. Schwartz stopped and stayed at the scene.
Prinzing notes that California growers have in fact developed a blue-and-gold "CA Grown" label that appears on many bouquets sold in grocery stores, an example of how growers also are trying to increase consumers' appreciation for "local" blooms, even if local sometimes means greater than the 50 miles the book's title prescribes. Nearly 80 percent of cut flowers sold in the United States are imported, she says.
The chief said the boy was not shot while trying to run away but had stopped and was facing the officer.
Apple's first-generation iPad was unveiled by Jobs on Jan. 27, 2010, at the Yerba Buena Center, and arrived in retail stores April 3, 2010.
Czepiel, Katherine Leonard
Netflix had drawn heavy short interest when its shares were on an upward tear and traded at nearly 50 times 2011 earnings.
The Browns selected Weeden, a former minor league pitcher in the New York Yankees’ system, in the first round and the team is expected to start the 28-year-old this season as a rookie. McCoy could be kept as his backup, and Browns president Mike Holmgren said over the weekend he could imagine McCoy staying on as the team’s No. 2 QB.
Treatment for more run-of-the mill activity-related injuries is less clear-cut.
Three batters later, Wood had walked all three, forcing in the tying run. By the time he got the fourth batter, Mark DeRosa, for the final out, he had thrown more pitches in 20 minutes (25) than he had in the final 16 days of spring training (20) as he was eased into the season.
It's the look Sheppard chose for his depiction of Robinson, the Hall of Famer whose bronze likeness, when unveiled this fall, will greet fans outside Oriole Park. Completed last month at the artist's studio in Italy, the 1,500-pound sculpture will be flown to Baltimore next week and stored here. The statue's base, which measures 25-by-25 feet, is under construction on a city-owned plaza between Washington Boulevard and Russell St.
Service in and out of New York Penn Station from New Jersey has been restored, but delays are expected after a temporary suspension earlier this morning, according to NJ Transit.
Afterward, his composure returned, Al-Himidi and his oldest son talked to reporters, as did a variety of religious and political figures.
It shouldn't come as a surprise that in a list of the best Latino books of the year, "The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao," by Junot Díaz, got the most votes.
Ritz-Milner Hotel, 813 S. Flower St.; (213) 627-6981 or (213) 627-6981; http://www.milner-hotels.com. This 12-story building goes back to 1908, but don't expect a lot of historic charm. Expect low prices. The Ritz-Milner's 137 rooms come in three varieties: economy ($69); standard ($89); and the suites ($119), which have newer, fancier furniture, fixtures and linens, but are really just large rooms. Parking $12.
Caroline Giuliani, a student at Harvard, was taken into custody at the Sephora makeup store at East 86th Street near Lexington Avenue and taken to a nearby precinct. She was accused of taking five makeup items valued at about $100.
App developer MEDL Mobile, of Los Angeles, selected it from among 20,000 entries.
Info: (317) 624-1010; artbankgallery.com.
Civilians who have been exposed to radiation have been treated by simply getting their clothes washed and being given showers because the exposure has been so minimal.
One of his patients, Nadine Oswald, 53, has taken several food sensitivity tests over the years to see if dietary changes could help with chronic fatigue, sinus congestion and gastrointestinal problems. She said the last test she took, which Mullin ordered, looked at whether she was allergic to or intolerant of 157 foods. The company billed her more than $5,000 for the tests, and her insurance company has refused to approve the benefit.
Third, I will promote savings and investment by maintaining the 15% rate on capital gains and dividends. I will eliminate the tax entirely for those with annual income below $200,000. These low tax rates will encourage Americans to save and invest <U+0096> and they will encourage business investment and economic growth.
The petition details the children’s litany of injuries past and present, from scars to broken bones. It recounts the hours after police and paramedics arrived at the Irvington apartment, a scene so grim the responding medical examiner broke down in tears for the first time in his career.
US Airways has been circling AMR Corp, the parent of the nation's third-largest carrier, since it declared bankruptcy in November. US Airways confirmed in January that it has hired advisers to explore a deal. The company is the nation's fifth-largest carrier, and executives say putting the two together would help them compete with larger rivals United Continental and Delta Air Lines.
and surround him with your protection and lovingkindness.
The pastor responded to Sparvero’s challenge by threatening to get rid of him, according to the lawsuit filed by attorney Michael Coslit. “Defendant Pastor Rabineau used Ron’s age and health issues to accomplish that goal, without justification or excuse,” the lawsuit says.
Jean Maher, another Monmouth Beach mom, celebrates the New Year in her homeland of Ireland. There, her three kids -- ages 8 to 10 -- stay up until 3 or 4 because of the time difference. But even if she stayed in Jersey, she'd let them stay awake until the ball dropped.
The number of people filing for unemployment benefits for the first time fell to 395,000 last week, down 7,000 from a week earlier. It's the first time that number has dropped below 400,000 in four months, and it may be a sign that the job market is slowly improving after its three-month slump. Job growth slowed to an average of 72,000 in May, June and July. In the previous three months, employers added an average of 215,000 jobs per month.
Upper West Side of New York City: Too many visitors waste their time around Times Square. The real New York is in Greenwich Village or Soho or Lexington Avenue. My personal favorite is the Upper West Side – the stretch between Broadway and Central Park from 59th Street to 86th Street, full of life 24 hours a day.
--Class AA Mobile RHP Trevor Bauer was named the organization's pitcher of the month for April after going 5-0 with a 1.26 ERA. Bauer, the third player taken in the 2011 draft, struck out 37 and gave up 18 hits while walking 17 in 28 2/3 innings. Opponents hit .184 against him. The first minor leaguer to five victories, Bauer suffered his first loss of the season Tuesday.
Cesare Dandini's "Allegory of Musical Fame," a half-length female figure holding a viol and a trumpet, is an example of the "wall power" Breazeale mentioned. A bold and dramatic image of a winged woman whose clothes are rendered in intense saturated colors, its octagonal format and bold color blazon out of the canvas with force.
The new Bridge Pavilion, a 3,500-square-foot prefabricated building painted international orange, like the bridge itself, houses an information desk, a small collection of historic and interpretive displays, and a wide range of gifts and keepsakes ranging from jackets and scarves for those who didn't anticipate foggy weather to scale models of the bridge and jewelry and prints created by local artists.
The reason often given for this rise is that vintners need riper, more sugar-packed grapes to get the flavors they want in the resulting wines, and with that comes more alcohol.
Last month, the magnate was named by the National Trust of Australia as one of the country’s National Living Treasures alongside performers Olivia Newton-John and Kylie Minogue and others. He owns the mining company Mineralogy, which has long had major business dealings with Chinese companies.
Elwell, who was rounded up in the massive 2009 corruption sweep, was scheduled to be sentenced tomorrow. His new hearing is set for Thursday, April 12 at 10 a.m.
AFC SOUTH
Mitch Mitchell, the iconic drummer who provided the explosive heartbeat of the Jimi Hendrix Experience on rock classics including "Voodoo Child (Slight Return)" and "Purple Haze," was found dead early Wednesday in a Portland hotel room.
When people ask for advice, "I tell them, there's no magic; I just made a commitment to the changes.
Today: at Phoenix, 5 p.m.
While farm-to-table has become an overused term for describing today's dining ethos, Tender Greens has successfully incorporated it into a high-volume business that relies on partnerships with local farms in each of the areas it serves.
He said he supported the Fed's controversial wide-scale purchase of Treasury bonds, although he said others have legitimate concerns about whether the purchase will help interest rates or cause inflation to spike or whether the economy was already on the mend without the move.
1 cup pearled farro
That's when we were liberated from inside the school walls each day to hang out at the corner store, scram past the bully, head to sports practice or just wend our way home to watch Channel 32.
And, still the Ducks should be in the mix after qualifying 13 individuals and two relays for the NCAA meet, which begins on June 8 at Drake Stadium in Des Moines, Iowa.
There was no way Angelo Dundee was going to miss Muhammad Ali's 70th birthday party.
503-673-7750
Judge John Garvey, who did cover one day of Peebles' cases involving newly confined prisoners, said he asked Tyler if he needed to do anything else for her that day and was told no.
The replay showed the ball was out.
"Then, he was okay with me," Kelley said.
He said that last year, "we removed 10,000 U.S. troops from Afghanistan."
The analogy is one I had not considered. And it comes from a man who has walked the walk.
"Frank was such a fixture on Hawthorne, such a larger-than-life personality," Rogoway said. "The food's great, but people really came to see Frank."
In May 2000, Lynn told the grand jury that he received a phone call from a theology professor who accused Wiejata of acting inappropriately with the professor’s 20- and 21-year-old daughters during a dinner at his house.
"I don't want us to be an expansion zone,'' LeCrone said. "I don't want other people to define us. We define ourselves. We have a proactive expansion plan and we want to work on that quickly.''
"Take Shelter" was filmed in June and July of 2010, primarily in Lorain County, using locations in and around Grafton, LaGrange, Elyria and Oberlin. It will be released by Sony Pictures Classics in October.
One of the most recent changes is the opening of Nua, a trendy wine bar that took over the space on Green Street that housed the New Pisa restaurant. Nua has a modern, hip sensibility, thanks to the collaboration of owner David White and chef Anna Bautista, former chef-owner of the Public and a veteran of Fifth Floor and Jardiniere.
This is the first time Barton Green, a self-proclaimed feminist, has worked with the Vagina Monologues, so she said she is aware of how the audience might react to the content.
The warnings come as New Jersey is preparing to add to its 73 current charter schools. Earlier this year, Gov. Chris Christie approved a record 23 new charters and announced plans to simplify the process of applying to open new schools.
"It's never easy, especially when the standard that we set around here is to do better than that," coach Ken Whisenhunt said, referring specifically to the current losing streak. "And it's frustrating on a lot of levels, but you have to be realistic enough to understand that this is the NFL and sometimes those things happen. There's a lot of good football players, and a lot of good teams out there."
6. River: Outside Cabin
And this, out-of-staters, is what can happen when you live in Michigan. Sometimes, when you're feeling blue, all you need is a little maize.
NEW BRUNSWICK — Homes and college student housing were being evacuated along a two-block stretch of New Brunswick as firefighters attempted to locate a natural gas leak.
"While we have no specific timetable on the inquiry, we remain in close communication with the NCAA as the process advances cooperatively through each stage," Mullens wrote. "Currently, pursuant to the NCAA's process, we are in constructive negotiations with the NCAA on the draft of their proposed findings."
Length: 10.7 miles one way.
This means Protect Your Care can work with the White House and members of Congress on policy issues. And this particular policy issue figures to be huge in Obama's reelection campaign next year. But Protect Your Care may not coordinate with the politicians on their elections.
East Brunswick teachers will be looking at the NJASK results to help determine which students are "at-risk," meaning they are singled out for extra attention from their teachers, Ogden said. But because the state introduced a more rigorous standard for proficiency in the middle grades this year, teachers are having a hard time interpreting the data, Ogden said. If a student was proficient last year and failed this year, teachers have to ask, "Did he change? Or was it the score on the test?" Ogden said.
"People hear about the Everglades, and start thinking 'Let's get rid of these things before they come over here,'" he said. "But they can't breed here, they can't survive here, there's never been an established population of a tropical animal in a nontropical climate."
When the officer first tried to stop her for not having a front license plate, she stopped so quickly the officer drove past and had to stop and wait for her to pass him again to make the stop.
Longevity is one thing, but it does nothing to illustrate impact and importance.
Carlisle said he routinely visits Phil's Meat Market, a longstanding food cart in Northwest Portland, to get a bento. He said he has been over with several of his assistant coaches during this series.
"We really should only have $17 million in debt, the way they're doing it, it's up to $25 million. I don't like the smoke-and-mirrors thing," Tanzyus said.
Coach: Keith Smart, first season with Warriors, 9-31 with Cleveland in 2002-03
The I-44 westbound ramp will remain open and accessible from Laclede Station Road throughout the duration of the project.
The hike: After being reopened a few weeks ago following repairs and renovation, the walk to Point Bonita Light reclaimed its place as the No. 1 easy hike in California. It's a half-mile walk through a tunnel and across a miniature suspension bridge to the lighthouse. You are perched at the entrance to the bay on a knife-edge outcrop, with crashing waves below, the Potato Patch Shoal a short way out to sea, Point Bonita Cove to the east and a jaw-dropping view of the Golden Gate.
And the snap in that tension could sting -- politically for Obama, economically for the auto industry and fiscally for the taxpayer.
Plastic bags
Influenza is most commonly characterized by cough, fever, fatigue, headache, sore throat, runny nose, chills, muscle aches, nausea, stomach ache, and diarrhea may also occur.
Lee’s Summit North led 11-8 with 3 minutes remaining in the first quarter when Miller picked up his second foul. That’s when the Broncos, who prefer to work the ball inside out, knew that the game plan was about to change.
ø"It's good that they've increased audience (in the) second year," says analyst Brad Adgate of ad buyer Horizon Media. But "there's got to be some concern that the numbers have tailed off a bit. You just wonder if demand isn't that great for another hour on Tuesday."
The win didn't just give the Cardinals a 5-2 home stand and a return to the NL Central lead.
There are good days and bad days, Hatch said, but simply that there are days has him living with unrestrained optimism.
Q: In a TV ad, the Moroun family says building the public bridge would cost Michigan taxpayers $100 million a year. True?
The Rangers not only get Carl Hagelin back tonight after having served his three game-suspension for concussing Daniel Alfredsson, the Rangers will also get their first line back when the pace car gets the wheels-up signal.
Not a pow
Minutes later, the girlfriend returned from the restroom and joined Miller at the bar. After about 30 minutes, she stated "she felt uncomfortable given the situation and decided it was best to leave Flicka's," which is a regular hangout for Miller.
Even with incumbent starter Donovan McNabb likely sidelined with a broken rib, Vick is expected to back up Kevin Kolb, seldom-used in two previous NFL seasons. But Eagles coach Andy Reid and offensive coordinator Marty Mornhinweg have designed plays that employ Vick in a wildcat, or shotgun, formation.
Police said Diaz-Bridges killed O’Brien while robbing her.
Stern's response raises obvious questions: Don't children have fathers? Aren't family responsibilities capable of taking time from men as well as women? But the really striking thing about the clip, for me, is simply the degree to which Stern seemed unprepared for the question, even a bit unnerved by it.
That filled up by 10 p.m.
Hamburg said he thought he still might appeal, if only to help clear up the laws on unfair competition in Missouri.
Exotic new materials? No, salvage. The fir was once a bowling lane, the walnut a local tree probably brought down by a storm.
I spoke briefly with Tom before the hearing began. He said Tilly was always his dog. He shook his head when I told him that Mariana had told me that she took Tilly when she moved out.
Jimmy Stewart, vice president of Newark’s Fraternal Order of Police, said he was pained to hear Morgan’s killer should have been prison.
“But?”
The Mountaineers are rolling and running over the Big East Champions curse. While Clemson may be a hair bigger inside with Trevor Booker, Summit's Wellington Smith neutralizes him and allows Devin Ebanks to go off. West Virginia, 78-65.
The Sox had the big payroll last year, and things didn't work out, so now they're running in the middle of the pack, waiting for players such as Gordon Beckham and Alex Rios either to shine or realize their slumps are who they are.
Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
Privately, others talk about Wu's darker side. Several sources report hearing him loudly berate staffers, and he's been known to upbraid officials who have lobbied him. One official recalled being yelled at by Wu because he failed to include the congressman's name when publicly praising members of the delegation who had helped on a particular project.
The police and firefighter’s pension board simply doesn’t know what to do. So it is referring the case to the Attorney General’s Office for legal review.
But the model has drawn criticism from various corners, and some Republican lawmakers acknowledge they have received an earful from constituents who complain the new model is too complicated.
"If you have seam weld risk of this magnitude, you have to assess it - that means a hydro test," Kuprewicz said.
Actually, the bailiff known as "Byrd" has had "the job" from Day 1 — for close to 20 years. Since 1996 when she arrived on the daytime scene and upended the staid court TV genre with her suffer-no-fools demeanor, Sheindlin has had one constant by her side: the solidly built, deep-voiced court officer who has one of TV's most interesting occupations: He is the guard dog to the pit bull.
The Red Rocker adds pomegranate to the mix, and the Renegade mixes pineapple juice with Southern Comfort. But if only a lime margarita will do, we've got you covered. Here are three recipes to try.
63147
William Bernstein, the Portland-based author of "Intelligent Asset Allocator," whose work is cited in many of those studies, recommends every one to three years.
“The production is directed by John Stephan and the cast includes Cindy Angel, Katelyn Blachewicz, Russell Chappius, Tyler Daddario, Ashley Davis, Lauren Davis, Jacob Glen, Mia Gomez, Forrest Hindermyer, Stefan Hueneke, Gino Iannucci, Katie Kiessling, Danielle Manno, Jordyn Martin, Victoria Mezik, Daniel O’Connell, Jessica Schaffer, Marcus Scott, Sam Thibodeau, Kevin Wilkinson, and Jackie Winquist.
While Riesling is grown and produced all over the world, some of the most sought-after Rieslings come from Germany, Austria and the Alsace region of France. Other noted Riesling areas include Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, California and Washington.
Baltimore City Public Schools has an innovative oversight system worthy of consideration. Baltimore's mayor and Maryland's governor must agree on all nine board appointees. Four must have served in high-level management positions, three must have educational expertise, one must be a parent of child enrolled in the district and one must be knowledgeable about children with disabilities.
Bron and his crew made 11 trips to Cleveland during pre-production and shooting. "They kind of camped out in our offices for several months," Cohen remembered.
Matlosz never had time to go for his own gun, which was still in its holster as the suspect ran away, police said. Ford termed the shooting "a heinous, execution-style killing."
In two months, Minneapolis native Herschel McPherson's video for "Out of My System" has racked up nearly 350,000 views on YouTube. He might look vaguely familiar, as a model for Target and many other national companies. He got his start as a model in a Dayton's fashion show at 16.
"He saw as his goal the betterment of Latino civic life," DeSipio said of Pachon.
An earlier version of the rule said that the cap applied to application fees and other upfront charges. The agency is proposing to remove those from the cap.
The report said Piscataway, New Brunswick and Woodbridge each recorded the largest drops in overall crime from 2008 to 2009.
In Seattle, black-clad protesters used sticks to smash downtown windows and ran through the streets disrupting traffic. Police made at least six arrests. While much smaller in scale, the mayhem was reminiscent of the 1999 World Trade Organization protests that caused widespread damage to stores and forced the cancellation of some WTO events.
The girlfriend, Corener Harris, was charged with stealing and violating riverboat gambling law. But the court ruled that Winfrey's actions did not violate state law.
And I haven't even touched on potato salad, which I should, since cookout season is coming right up.
Over the last three years, members of the environmental community, including the four groups endorsing Obama, have had an often contentious relationship with the administration. They have praised what they consider important steps to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and to boost cleaner air and water, such as rules to hike vehicle fuel efficiency and to curtail mercury emissions from power plants. But they have slammed the administration for inaction in other areas, such as its decision last year to halt the development of a long-awaited rule to reduce smog.
Fife and her daughter have appeared on Fox News and local TV stations and Fife has been interviewed by The New York Times, The Associated Press and several other news outlets. The attention also has generated small donations and offers to sponsor a lemonade stand from people as far away as Tennessee.
This comfortable Ohio City patio area has a neighborhood feel with a hip edge, spot-on to enjoy chef Eric Williams' nuevo Latino flavors. There's no better way to top a day of yardwork than with a blood-orange margarita and a trio of innovative guacamoles (smoked trout or goat cheese, anyone?) and warm chips on this funky-pretty patio. -- Laura Demarco and Joe Crea contributed to this review
Why it's a workout: Horseback riding can be a full cardiovascular workout, burning between 315-480 calories in a hour. Hacking, riding a horse for exercise, uses your large muscle groups as you squeeze and hang on with your legs. Posting, faster riding, uses your upper body.
Trailnet has helped set up similar programs in other communities such as De Soto and Vinita Park, which have also had some success. But Jennifer Allen, active transportation manager for Trailnet, says Live Well Ferguson catalyzed in a unique way.
"‘Guitar Man,' yeah, that's what I am," Benson chuckles during an interview from his home outside Phoenix. "This one's got a good selection of songs, not really connected to each other but just telling one story - about the guitar. It was the obvious title after hearing what we got. You know, I got a great band together, and we tried to pick songs we thought we could do well, things the public will believe. People have heard me do so many things, I've just got to find things that speak to my guitar."
So begins Robert Fagles' translation of Homer's "The Iliad," the first great war story in the Western tradition.
A delay in figuring out how to help Chen may also undercut the U.S. bargaining power. Pressure for a resolution would subside once Clinton leaves China on Saturday.
Beaverton-The Round Owners Association Inc. would pay the city $834,000. In addition, the Lofts at the Round Condominium Association would assign the city its claim for $66,000 against the developer of the Round. The city could collect that after vacant condominiums are sold.
For many of us, it doesn't get any better than a brimming bowlful of freshly made, soft-green guacamole, bright with hints of garlic, hot chiles and high notes of fresh lime or lemon.
By Simon Sebag Montefiore
For Michelle Auer, the pregame ritual had become almost comical.
"There were running backs that we were thinking about taking and they went before our next pick came up," Devaney said. "But we didn't react by saying, ‘Okay, we lost the back. Now we've got to drop down in value in this round and take a back no matter what if he doesn't warrant going there.' It didn't work out."
Bruce Starr: Sen. Bruce Starr, R-Hillsboro, says he is putting together a Friday announcement of his candidacy for Oregon labor commissioner -- a move that will likely pit him against the incumbent, Democrat Brad Avakian. Jeff Mapes explains.
"It was hard on the family," Otero said.
Why so old? And why only five years before eligibility kicks in?
The trail Huether chose climbs steeply out of the Columbia River Gorge, taking hikers into the heart of the Cascade crest. It reaches the summit of Table Mountain and is about six miles long, with steep drop-offs near its end.
But it was the one play that separated them from backing up everything they’d promised. Wilson called it a miscommunication, the “only one they hit us on.” Cromartie called it one big play in a series of many unfortunate events.
Sunday's FIFA Club World Cup final was supposed to be the day Brazilian starlet Neymar would outshine Barcelona's Lionel Messi—the day haughty Europeans were reminded that there is pretty good soccer outside the old world, especially as it slides toward economic decline while Brazil booms.
Another entry-level position was as a lookout. One kind of lookout followed the load car from the stash house in Mexicali to the border. Another stood watch at the port of entry and reported when the car had cleared customs. Yet another tailed the load car up the freeway to Los Angeles.
Frustrated by a chronic lack of progress, business leaders and politicians expect that a stern dose of this sort of competition and incentives will improve education, but they are wrong. No other nation is taking such harsh lessons from the corporate sector and applying them to their schools. No nation with successful schools ignores everything but basic skills and testing. Schools work best when teachers collaborate to help their students and strive together for common goals, not when they compete for higher scores and bonuses.
Churchill 44, EAGLE POINT 6
“Friday Morning Yoga” is geared for adults. This class will introduce adult beginners to the many joys of yoga. Breathing synchronized with movement will warm the body and relax the mind. Participants will focus on joint mobility and healing stillness. All levels are welcome. Join for the series or just one class. Cost is $10 per class.
District resident Kris Boevingloh, one of the lawyers whose suit led to the freeze on funds, said he's pleased with cost-controlling procedures the new board has instituted. But he remains skeptical.
Elliott, who entered the game with a league-leading 1.62 goals-against average, faced 37 shots. Quick made 35 saves and perhaps his biggest one in the third period came when he robbed Blues forward Jamie Langenbrunner. Quick, on his back, reached up and made a terrific glove save with Langenbrunner trying to finish off a two-on-one.
But it was a sleight-of-hand prosperity.
Police withheld the man's identity until they could inform relatives of his death.
A number of national medical and sporting organizations are trying to improve today's youth sports culture. The American Orthopaedic Sports Society for Sports Medicine, the American Medical Society for Sports Medicine and the American Academy of Pediatrics are promoting healthier behaviors such as encouraging early sports diversification rather than specialization; having time away from sports one to two days a week and two to three months a year; focusing on sportsmanship and game integrity rather than individual achievement; and restricting youths to playing for one team at a time.
Because my mother came of age during the civil rights movement, and experienced countless incidents of discrimination, she has a heightened sensibility to injustices inflicted on African Americans. However, she never let it compromise her humanity.
Just note the quotation marks around that word.
Weaknesses: Offense is a concern. CF Grady Sizemore, LF Michael Brantley and RF Shin-Soo Choo all missed considerable time last season with injuries. The Indians ranked ninth in runs, while striking out the second-most times in the AL. Signed 1B Casey Kotchman (.306, 10 HR, 48 RBI) to improve defense and stabilize lineup.
And superb, as always, is John Hurt, in a small but deeply felt turn as the agent who first uncovers the deception. Which, of course is only the first of many – and not even, perhaps, the greatest.
The Milwaukee Brewers' slugger hit a solo homer into the sand area beyond the right-center fence — one of the deepest parts of Petco Park — in the fourth inning and a two-run shot onto the balcony on the fourth level of the Western Metal Supply Co. brick warehouse in the left-field corner in the fifth. Both were off rookie starter Joe Wieland.
Both starting pitchers, Volquez and Milwaukee's Shaun Marcum, allowed three hits over seven scoreless innings.
As predictable as the-guest-star-is-the-killer climax, as inescapable as the chase-after-her-and-propose happy ending, time rolls ’round again for a big fat Hollywood summer.
By the time they dressed, Evan had two more seizures. David caught the third in a cellphone video, so he could show doctors. It lasted less than a minute.
3-point goals — Broomfield: Wilber 1, Nehf 1. Longmont: Katuna 1.
Torres was not penalized when he left his feet to deliver a shoulder-to-head hit on Hossa during Game 3. The Hawks star was taken off the ice on a stretcher and was briefly hospitalized. He missed Game 4 and has been ruled out for Game 5.
Both men waved their hands at each other, making gestures, before they pulled off the road, exited their vehicles and began arguing, police said.
Burns said the state needs to push hotel, motel and rental owners to tack up warning signs that include show evacuation routes.
Hospice professionals, formally trained in the issues presented, teach the various sessions. Topics include Patient Care, Cancer Concepts, Pain Control and Nutritional Concerns, Family System, Aging, Listening and Communication Skills, Spirituality, Ethics, Death, Dying and Bereavement. Upon completion of the course, participants are Certified Hospice Volunteers. Hospice Volunteers have the option of working in their communities and establishing their own schedules. In addition, they choose what allowable services they are willing to provide for the organization.
Today, Mangels takes the story another step forward with a detailed look at what is known about the enigmatic figure who some suspect fired those four shots: Terry Norman.
"Our four-by-eight has been a shining star for us," Voss said. "Our distance group is pretty solid. They don't always win, but get seconds and thirds."
Harrison praised Straub for bringing diversity to the department and working well with the faith-based community.
He joined the IRS in the early 1950s and worked in collections and audits. He became a Criminal Investigation Division special agent in Baltimore and then group supervisor in his division. He worked on the corruption cases of Baltimore County Executive Dale Anderson and Spiro T. Agnew, who had been governor of Maryland and became vice president under Richard M. Nixon.
The student said in a statement that she talked to Warren about her personal problems and that they started to send text messages to each other outside of school. Warren also started asking her to "hang out" with him.
Despite the activity, the U.S. retail market is already pretty much built out and saturated, said Richard Jaffe, a New York-based analyst with Stifel Nicolaus. So when there are retailers opening new stores, it usually means a shift in market share.
This stock will revive when trading does. It's the closest thing to a certainty in the financial markets.
"Personal care is a strategic category for Unilever and growing rapidly," Polman said in a statement.
If there is any person whom Americans – particularly Ohioans -- expect to be hale and hearty at 90, it's John Glenn.
District 8 covers Scottsdale and Fountain Hills.
With increasing fire and smoke, Captain Santos crawled
Though some Republican leaders in Maryland and residents of the state don't support the law, the state's Democratic leaders sided with the Obama administration's contention that everyone uses health care at some point and the uninsured burden the overall system.
The East-West Shrine Game is a signature event benefitting the Shriners Hospitals for Children, an international pediatric specialty health care system.
Take cell phones and driving.
Other states have resisted efforts to implement the federal standards, but Martinez said that is not a viable option in New Jersey.
According to the city Health Department, Darley Park lies amid the most murderous swath of Baltimore. It's part of a larger area, Clifton-Berea, that had a homicide rate of 61.8 per 10,000 residents from 2005 to 2009, nearly triple the rate in the city overall. Clifton-Berea has a lower life expectancy than in Baltimore as a whole and a far higher rate of deaths from HIV/AIDS.
Think about that a minute. You have artistic temperament to contend with; you have the intricacies of a tricky new technology to master. This day is doomed to hurry-up-and-wait.
Traditionally, late March and all of April see the best catches of steelhead with winter broodstock, wild winter and early summers all hitting the boat decks and beaches. As of late, reports have a strong showing of early summers in the mix. Bobber and jigs work great this time of year and roe side drifted from a
The coaching staff, McKenzie said, plans to move Stefen Wisniewski to center, and have Carlisle move to left guard with Brisiel at right guard.
Law degree: University of Florida
The Post-Dispatch hasn't wrapped the entire front page with a full-sized ad. But the Post-Dispatch has -- as many papers do -- had an ad -- known as a spadea -- covering half of the front page.
All of them want carries this season and there is just one football.
Earlier this month I spent almost three hours discussing Kansas City's past and future with a dozen 20-something professionals in a downtown loft.
Trend could continue
He finished the season with a .337 average, and on the verge of capturing the franchise’s first batting title. The Milwaukee Brewers' Ryan Braun needs to go at least 3-for-4 tonight to surpass Reyes. At his home on Long Island, Reyes had scheduled a viewing party with more than a dozen friends from the Dominican Republic. This was a day to celebrate, Reyes explained, not mourn.
A guest bedroom decorated with crosses and religious icons and paintings. A collection of dolls adorns the bed, which is covered in a crocheted quilt made of pieces of string made by Singer's mother.
The small business executives were encouraged to tell the president and Cabinet members traveling with him what their companies needed to grow.
The transportation bill in part funds mass transit, and running mass transit is a universal function of government, like printing money. If we can't run buses, we can't run anything.
"The rate of adoption of our mobile apps has been even faster than the take-up rate of our Internet site when we first rolled that out," Clifford said. The bank plans to eventually make the mobile apps available to its clients based outside the U.S.
The production of Rossini's most popular opera benefitted enormously from having Lucas Meachem's Figaro at its center. Maybe he's a natural ham, or maybe he's just playing one. Whatever he is, he was responsible for many of the opera's biggest grins. For icing on the cake, he had a big, rich sound that easily filled the Civic Theatre.
1 bunch cilantro, rough chopped
Perryman
Goal: "After college, I hope to pursue a professional soccer career. After that, I plan on becoming an orthodontist."
Federal prosecutors in Rockford charged that Crundwell raided city coffers to finance an extravagant lifestyle that included operating champion horse breeding farms in Dixon and Beloit, Wis., and buying a $2.1 million luxury motor home and $340,000 in jewelry since mid-2006.
Obama was issuing his list during a stop at the College of Nanoscale Science and Engineering at the State University of New York. The president has made a number of trips to universities, manufacturing plants and technology firms, seeking to promote research and development in a number of industries.
That's true even of King's new memoir "The Riot Within: My Journey From Rebellion to Redemption" (HarperOne: 245 pp., $25.99), which seeks to capitalize on the 20th anniversary of the riots but never offers a coherent point of view. It's unfair, perhaps, to expect this of King, who was thrust, or thrust himself, into a situation beyond his control. Nonetheless, it's also emblematic of the displacement, the lack of a collective vision, our inability even now to take a broad perspective on the riots and what they mean.
Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner, Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke and New York Fed President William Dudley met Friday morning "to discuss the implications for the U.S. economy if Congress fails to act," they said in a joint statement. But the statement said they "remain confident that Congress will raise the debt ceiling soon."
Just last week, both Saks and Nordstrom reported weaker-than-expected growth. These are retailers that cater not just to the top 1 percent but to the top 10 percent, the ones who do more than 30 percent of the nation’s spending. They’re important because they were one of the few parts of the retail economy that has held up in recent years. Now the cracks are beginning to show.
"If you're a woman and you have the neon sign flashing on your head that you want a boyfriend or a husband, I tell women that's just like when a man stares at your chest and says he wants to sleep with you," said Bela Gandhi, a dating coach and owner of the Smart Dating Academy. "The same 'Bolt!' reflex is triggered."
Galleon's head, Raj Rajaratnam, was convicted in a high-profile New York trial last year of 14 counts of conspiracy and securities fraud. The government said that he had made more than $50 million in illicit profits by trading on inside information. He was sentenced to 11 years in prison.
“We’ve had lots of time to get input on this,” he said. “It’s our job to be able to make decisions like this.”
NOTES: Leyland is confident that catcher Gerald Laird (sore knee) will be fine by Opening Day on Thursday . . . None of the four left-handers that Smyly beat out for the rotation spot managed to win the open job in the bullpen _ <U+0093>a shock to me,<U+0094> Leyland said. Leyland said that right-handers Luis Marte and Collin Balester would serve as the long men . . . On the choices of Smyly and Marte for the pitching staff, Leyland said, <U+0093>We went with good stuff, good deliveries, strike-throwers.<U+0094>
Meghan Hildreth, Maryvale
A Tribune review of new secretary of state data suggests that courts in Cook and the collar counties, while halving the number of improper supervisions, still improperly gave more than 2,000 last year to chronic speeders.
Lipinski had some low-major Division I interest thanks to his play over the summer with Maryland 3D – a Severna Park-based program coached by his father, Marty. But none of that DI interest led to a scholarship. Several Division II schools offered, and Lipinski considered accepting a scholarship from Lenoir-Rhyne in Hickory, N.C. But early in his senior season, Maryland suddenly emerged.
The Indians tried all winter to get a first baseman. They missed on Carlos Pena and Derrek Lee.
"That's a lot of money just to get kids off the lawn at 4:20," she said.
The median sales prices for vacant units – a number that spiked in 2007 but has slipped steadily since – is $133,700.
But Acton said the freeholders are leaving no stone unturned this time.
MARCH
The Essex County Prosecutor's Office said said it is eager to retry the case.
Mr. Franzoni decided to use the outsider general, a familiar archetype to Western audiences, as a central character to help foreign audiences better grasp those distant times. "We have to make sure that if we fall down the rabbit hole, we have a rabbit we're familiar with," he says.
When the Giants cut ties with the receiver, who is facing possible jail time after accidentally shooting himself in the thigh at a nightclub last November, The Star-Ledger reported it was because of Burress' own desire to leave the team, expressed in ways including a trade request through agent Drew Rosenhaus.
The Blazers are in love with Batum's potential and versatility, but they remain frustrated by his lack of aggressiveness -- aside from occasional spurts. Batum says he's always been that way, going back to his early playing days as a child in France, and he's starting to realize he needs to shake the trait to develop into the force the Blazers think he can become.
Brown Shoe's proxy statement, filed Tuesday, shows that Sullivan's compensation fell to $2.96 million in 2011 from $3.57 million in 2010. Her salary rose 8 percent to $800,000, but the lack of a bonus caused her incentive pay to fall to $300,000 in 2011 from $1.15 million the previous year. The $300,000 is the cash portion of a long-term incentive that hinges on Brown's performance between now and 2013.
He was carried off the floor. And before that question could be revisited — before Anthony or Chandler or Amar’e Stoudemire could suffer an amputation or be served subpoenas — Mike Woodson performed his own task of mercy and decided to fight again another day.
He played mostly on special teams as rookie, including kickoff coverage. That's unusual for a defensive end, but Campbell was 6-feet-8 inches, weighed 280 pounds and had good speed.
In addition to his admiration for the way the franchise has been building, Scott has a special place in his heart for Oklahoma City. The Hornets played their home games here for two seasons after Hurricane Katrina.
The contortions by the Republican candidates illustrate the straddle they're attempting on a complex issue. In order to win the Republican nomination, they must court a GOP electorate that is largely against anything that could be called "amnesty" for illegal immigrants. But they can't come off as anti-immigrant, a stance that could alienate the independents and moderates -- not to mention Hispanics -- they'd need to attract in a general election should they win the party's nod to challenge President Barack Obama.
2. I'm a simple man. I like to go record shopping. I like to play squash or badminton. And eat.
Lisa Lynn Mederos, 47, had been seeing J.T. Ready for about two years, according to Mederos' ex-husband, Hugo, an airline mechanic who now lives in Tampa. Lisa was a homemaker, and Hugo still paid spousal support, and she and Ready lived in a house owned by Hugo. Hugo said he had no idea of what went on in the house or their relationship. He had only met Ready once, but he said that Lisa had a lot of friends and was a good mother to her two daughters. One of Lisa's neighbors said that she was a stay-at-home grandmother with baby Lilly.
"My sister Pat is irreplaceable," Sen. Edward M. Kennedy (D-Mass.) said in the statement. "Everyone who knew Pat adored her. She was admired for her great style, for her love and support of the arts, her wit and generosity -- and for the singular sense of wonder and joy she brought into our lives.
Within weeks, the Akron company will merge with Allegheny Energy of Greensburg, Pa., in southwest Pennsylvania. The move received approval Thursday by the Pennsylvania Public Utilities Commission, the last approval required.
“Restoring the stadium feel to Salvy Blandino Field is our goal,” Buirch added.
Robert Trigaux can be reached at trigaux@sptimes.com.
She also performs with the Mexican dance troupe Grupo Folklorico Atotonilco (she’s pictured in her costume).
1. Books
Sources: Payroll data, U.S Department of Labor, U.S. Census Bureau
The woman, who has not been identified, says her affair with the former "Monster Garage" star only came to an end when the news of James' alleged relationship with tattoo model Michelle "Bombshell" McGee came to light. James has apologized to Bullock and his kids and begged for their forgiveness after McGee spilled her guts to In Touch Weekly, but said most of McGee's claims were untrue. And he hasn't made any statements about the three other women who have come forward since then.
Refuse brought into the Vieste facility would be sorted and then "gasified," generating a synthetic gas used to heat steam to power turbines to generate electricity.
How would an all-time team of Oscar Robertson, Elgin Baylor, Wilt Chamberlain, Bill Russell and Jerry West fare against a more modern all-time team of Magic Johnson, Larry Bird, Michael Jordan, Shaquille O'Neal and, say, Karl Malone?
After transferring to North Alabama, Jenkins dominated at the Division II level - not just on defense, but with three punt returns for touchdown, a blocked kick, and a 49-yard return for a touchdown on a fumble recovery.
Second, Livermore said, is a failure among those doing the analyzing to disclose the assumptions and limitations of their models -- and the willingness of politicians (and the media, for that matter) to treat the resulting figures as gospel rather than guesstimate.
SUMMIT — On Friday, Jan. 21, Kent Place School will host a one-day conference for World Language educators sponsored by the NJ Association of Independent Schools.
Some commercial operators insist there's fish aplenty and that the quotas, rising costs and the poor economy have pushed many to the brink. Those like Don Loewen, 69, wonder whether the fishing industry can even stay alive long enough for the invaders to make a difference.
"I must say, I'm very surprised by what happened in Colombia," she said. "We don't want it to happen again, and we don't want it to besmirch the reputation of the men and women of the Secret Service, who do an incredible job."
"That man jumps out the gym. He looks like a superhero when he takes off," Robinson said. "But we both try to be aggressive. He knows what he does well. I feel the same way. I know what I do well."
Solid staff to join
Aldridge was in the middle of it all in the fourth, recording 10 points and four rebounds while making 4 of 6 shots. During one impressive stretch, he swished a 6-foot jump hook, blocked an Al Jefferson shot attempt and tossed a pretty pass to a cutting Miller for an assist. The final play gave the Blazers an 83-76 lead.
OF HEMINGWAY AND PARIS: An intimate group of 22 had dinner onstage at the Grandel Theatre on Sunday night to kick off Sauce magazine's first "Moveable Feast," which publisher Allyson Mace promises will continue with unforgettable meals in unique locations.
941 Cole St. (at Carl Street), San Francisco; (415) 564-5332.
Christie canceled the Access to the Region's Core tunnel, citing billions of dollars in possible cost overruns and criticizing the plan for the tunnel to terminate at a station below Macy's on 34th Street in Manhattan.
Other proposals from the state include the elimination of five-year contracts for professional staff and cuts in the career development and tuition development programs, as well as paid sabbaticals.
Perryville's total budget for the upcoming fiscal year is $8,859,459, with $5,436,130 in the general fund, $1,449,312 in the water fund, $8,567 in the forest conservation fund and $1,965,450 in the sewer fund.
"That's what makes it a very rich group," said team member Colleen Metz, 50.
Chen's wife, Yuan Weijing, who was allowed to travel to Beijing as part of an initial deal struck by Chinese and American diplomats that led to his departure from the U.S. Embassy last Wednesday, has said that before she left the family home in Shandong's Dongshigu village to join her husband, she had been tied to a chair and repeatedly threatened by club-waving security agents.
LOS ANGELES - Chaz Bono picked up a pair of trophies Saturday at the GLAAD Media Awards.
"We're starting to see glimmers of hope, and believe that that's going to come around, and we've let him down a couple of times," said Penske president Tim Cindric. "But we think we've got the potential to see the same kind of story with AJ that we saw last year with Brad, when he turned it around."
Jane Stanford, widow of industrialist (and Stanford University co-founder) Leland Stanford, died under mysterious circumstances while visiting the Moana in 1905. Poison was suspected, although inquiries ruled natural causes. The strange death and questionable investigation received heavy play in the New York Times and other English-language newspapers around the world.
A bold blend of mezcal smoke, St-Germain grapefruit-y sweetness and tart blood orange citrus. If the blood oranges are too sweet, add a dash of lime juice.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- So far, the "Average Joe" has outsmarted all the professional athletes in The Plain Dealer's Celebrity Bracketology Challenge.
A glance at the makeup of the last five Super Bowl champions with data from Pro-Football-Reference.com, plus insight from NFL personnel gurus Ernie Accorsi and Gil Brandt, reveals some common themes:
"When people shop, they want to see how a dress looks on them, with their face, as opposed to an avatar. An avatar is designed to show you the body shape, but the face is not yours, it's not really that personal," says ProSent Mobile CEO Prosenjit Sen.
His parents, Charles and Marilyn Hoessle, and sisters, Marty Hoessle and Tracy Malke, visit him as much as possible. Charles and Marilyn take their RV, making a leisurely trip through the United States, Canada and the Alaskan coast.
No. 18 USC edged the fourth-ranked Ducks 38-35 when UO kicker Alejandro Maldonado pushed a 37-yard field goal attempt to tie wide left as time expired, snapping Oregon’s 21-game home winning streak, a two-year conference winning streak, and any hope of a return trip the BCS National Championship Game.
"You're never closed for business," Taylor said. "There's no such thing as downtime anymore."
Sometimes building a community takes no work at all.
Cain has denied that he sexually harassed Kraushaar and others who have accused him of inappropriate behavior.
A DeWine spokesman has been adamant that the claims are false. By its count, the Ohio GOP has hired 10 full-time employees, made more than 1 million telephone calls, knocked on more than 90,000 doors and printed 30,000 palm cards -- all in support of Issue 2.
Today, it seems, the cartoon connection to more serious music is having a heyday in a kind of cross-pollination of live theater and animated work on screens large and small.
"I wish I could explain it; I have no idea," Black says, admitting it isn't a mirage.
MILKSHAKE SHOTS
"We know there are some people who want us to close the door on that," he said. "We need to look at all forms of energy as we move forward into a new energy frontier."
3. Jeanette Ottesen, Denmark 53.45
Although a Peebles email said she planned the China trip in 2010, she told Ohmer and Schweitzer in a meeting Dec. 12, prompted by the Post-Dispatch questions, that she did not receive her visa until weeks before the trip.
Corzine never personally used the tickets and the orders were placed on behalf of people who contacted his office for help getting seats, said his spokesman, Josh Zeitz.
The four officers who received their layoff notices on Friday include one who broke his hand while arresting a suspect hours later, and another who served in Iraq as a Marine, Police Chief Robert Quinlan said in an e-mail sent to reporters this morning.
An electric guitar Brian Diller received for Christmas when he was 10 started him and his brother on their musical careers. Brian didn't play the guitar at first, so Chris picked it up and has been playing ever since.
O'Mara told reporters he was not getting paid for his services because Zimmerman "doesn't have any money." Zimmerman apparently has established a website to raise money for his legal bills.
On the other hand, panel prices make up only about a quarter of the installed cost of a solar system today. If they went up 30 percent, for example, that means the total cost of an average system would go up only 7.5 percent.
Newton has an eye for the interesting and a fearlessness about putting it together.
Molycorp Inc. plunged 12 percent after a JPMorgan analyst downgraded the miner's stock because of a sharp drop in the price of rare-earth minerals.
A roadside bomb struck a Syrian military truck Wednesday, wounding six soldiers just seconds after a convoy carrying the head of the U.N. observer mission passed by.
"They look nice," receiver T.J. Moe said. "I got to see them last night. The gold one is my favorite. I like the helmets. Some guys were complaining about the ‘M,' but it doesn't bother me one bit."
Thomas broke into the league in 1995 and has played with Miami, Dallas, New York, Phoenix, Seattle, San Antonio, Milwaukee and Chicago.
Said Perkins, of Nagbe, “He has the quality to be able to take a ball down like that second goal and hit it far post. It’s a brilliant goal. The first one, just to have the confidence to be able to go at someone and be able to hit it is great.’’
øBut first, the good news: If you're a fan of this third-person shooter series, you'll likely appreciate the new offering for Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 as it doesn't mess much with the formula. That said, it delivers massive online multiplayer battles, maps that encourage more tactics, high-definition graphics and about 500 parts to customize your ACs in various ways.
Financial stocks fell almost as much, and even utilities and health care stocks, which are more dependable in times of economic uncertainty, were down more than 1 percent each.
2010 Fitness Test: Measures the percent of students who passed all six sections of the California Physical Fitness Test. Note: The test is only administered to students in grades five, seven and nine. Schools without these grades have no score in this category.
"You have to understand who you are, instead of trying to be somebody else, " he said recently. "I don't think spending money on marketing yourself as hip or cool is going to create jobs."
"Over the last several years, we have made significant investments in our infrastructure that are producing results," Warner Baxter, Ameren Missouri's chief executive, said in a statement. The company said the reliability of its local power grid and emissions of acid-rain sulfur dioxide at its power plants have improved over the past five years.
his 26 1/2 years in St. Louis, had been off the air for a year before starting his three-hour-long daily show at KTRS on Oct. 25.
Today Rose’s grandkids, Ken and Skip, oversee day-to-day operations. Both started washing dishes and shucking oysters as soon as they were old enough to reach the sink, and neither has plans to retire. The Snocks believe that strict adherence to tradition has fueled their 10 decades of prosperity.
The Akropolis Quintet: "pastNOW," featuring clarinetist Kari Dion, oboist Timothy Goklin, saxophonist Matt Landry, bass clarinetist Andrew Koeppe and bassoonist Ryan Reynolds. Performing works by Rameau, Ton ter Doest, Asaf Peres and David Heetderks. Includes world premiere performance of a new work by University of Michigan composer Garrett Schumann, 8 p.m. Fri. Kerrytown Concert House, 415 N. Fourth, Ann Arbor. 734-769-2999. $5-$25.
"It is incredibly disappointing and unfortunate that my real concerns over the suitability of Judge Shwartz to serve a lifetime appointment as circuit court judge have been spun as some petty political vendetta by some of her supporters," said the senator in a statement.
powers centuries ago, and involved protecting domestic industry while trying to dominate global trade to secure wealth and power. Critics of U.S. policy toward China, and before that policy toward Japan, argue that the U.S. should take steps to favor its own industries more.
So the cast has multiplied the old-fashioned way. As to whether they're adding new housewives to the show -- as Bravo has been known to do -- a spokeswoman says, "That's news to me." We're always on the lookout for "Real Housewives" sightings, so drop us a line if you see them out and about!
"Some would believe that what they view in private will never become public, but when it comes to victimizing children, we will work to expose every illegal act,” State Police Superintendent Rick Fuentes said in a statement.
The complete records, he said, are kept in "job files." He did not say whether the information in those files was different from the integrity-management documents.
I moved with them and instead of college I worked 72 hours a week at a combination of lower-paying jobs to support myself. My friends were supported by their parents while they were studying.
(The villages of Chippewa Lake, Gloria Glenns Park, Lodi and Seville, Westfield Center, the townships of Chatham, Guilford, Harrisville and Westfield and part of Lafayette Township)
In December, a poll from the Vegetarian Resource Group conducted by Harris Interactive found that 16% of Americans say they don’t eat meat, fish, seafood or poultry at more than half of their meals. Of the 5% of who said they follow the vegetarian lifestyle all the time, roughly half are also vegan and cut out dairy and eggs.
IRVINE – More than 20 people were charged Wednesday in a case in which Department of Motor Vehicle employees were accused of taking thousands of dollars in bribes in exchange for fraudulent driver licenses, officials said.
As far as ridership, TriMet General Manager Fred Hansen says it's way too early to say if the agency's heavy-rail gambit was a mistake. "If we weren't in the worst recession since the Great Depression," Hansen said, "I think it would be a different story."
The crux of Notre Dame's argument revolved around Abromaitis already holding two degrees from the school -- both a bachelor's degree and an MBA -- while playing only two games last season before tearing his ACL in a November practice.
Second, empower states to innovate a variety of programs that would save the federal government $100 billion. Finally, improve the federal government's efficiency and effectiveness by reducing waste and fraud ($60 billion); aligning federal employee compensation with the private sector ($47 billion); repealing the Davis-Bacon Act ($11 billion), which increases the cost of government projects, by returning to market wages; and finally, reducing the federal workforce by 10% via attrition ($4 billion).
The complaint came one day after two other animal rights groups filed an appeal to stop the six-day hunt. Doris Lin, an attorney for the animal rights groups, said Wednesday the state’s justification for the hunt — previously held in 2003 and 2005 — was based on faulty scientific evidence. "I’m very confident that the policy is flawed," she said.
The census recorded a total of 46 Californians in the supercentenarian category. Another 27 people in the Sacramento region reported their ages as 105 to 109, census figures show.
Failing to set forth the signatures of both parties to the home improvement contract;
Q. Do you have any particular memories of the Gotham show? Did it stand out for you in any way?
5000 Wildlife Drive N.E., Townsend, Ga., 31331
Second, Washington needs to show the business community that it intends to maintain a level playing field by making the same incentives available to all companies and industries, not just a select few. We need to innovate across the board.
What that does to your health reads like a dirty laundry list: lowers good HDL cholesterol, raises bad triglycerides and gloms onto proteins that create destructive substances called AGEs (short for advanced glycation end products). These set you up for heart disease, stiff joints, wrinkles, Alzheimer's, diabetes, kidney problems, bone fractures and vision loss.
Jim Ritterbusch, an energy analyst, said a "fear premium" has added about $10 a barrel to oil prices in recent days. Prices could tumble once the region settles down, he said.
In addition to Garcon and Morgan, the Redskins have two ideal safety valves for Griffin in tight ends Fred Davis and Chris Cooley. The reshuffling of the depth chart, plus a $2.65 million salary, might lead to Moss joining Gaffney as odd men out.
How long will the redesign take?
Ohio lawmakers are facing distinctly different interest groups as they look for solutions: financially struggling private-sector workers who would be asked to shore up public pensions at the same time they are losing their own traditional pension plans, and the more than 700,000 local and state employees and nearly 400,000 public-sector retirees. Government workers and retirees represent a potent political force at the ballot box. State and local governments employ nearly one of every seven Ohioans collecting a paycheck.
UH currently has 100 registered nursing positions open, but plans to fill about 70 with students, now working as assistants, once they graduate and pass their state licensing exams. UH employs 4,300 registered nurses systemwide.
Plummer will face off in the Nov. 6 general election against Democratic nominee Brad Harriman, the former St. Clair County regional school superintendent, who had Costello's endorsement. Harriman easily beat retired carpenter Kenneth Wiezer of Granite City for the Democratic nomination.
Kay is a professor of politics and government at Ohio Wesleyan University and an associate at the Mershon Center for International Security Studies at the Ohio State University. He is author of "Celtic Revival?: The Rise, Fall, and Renewal of Global Ireland" (Rowman & Littlefield, 2011).
located right down the street from one another get together for a sporting event, there is a lot of pride at stake.
When Medvedev announced in September that he was stepping aside to allow Putin to take back the presidency, many Russians were offended by the implication that their votes were considered just a formality.
When Harvard School of Public Health researchers analyzed preventable causes of death in the United States in 2009, they estimated that alcohol consumption was responsible for averting about 26,000 deaths each year from heart attack, strokes and diabetes, but that was outweighed by an estimated 90,000 deaths from liver disease, traffic accidents and other causes because of heavier consumption of alcohol.
Running mates: The Lions had the second-fewest rushing attempts last season, and Johnson clearly values the versatility a better run game would provide.
And that's just by family.
Arizona Cardinals Grade: B
While Cor Jesu kept knocking on the door with all its corners, Ursuline's defense managed to keep the damage to a minimum. The Bears (2-4, 1-2) were solid in their half of the field, but were never able to generate much of anything going forward. They struggled transitioning from defense to offense, oftentimes turning over possession in the process.
Ultimately, Antinucci, 68, paid the full fine.
TRENTON — The head of New Jersey's environmental protection agency has rejected a request by two animal rights groups to postpone a six-day bear hunt.
Profits at the airline itself tumbled 72 percent to 1.5 billion dirhams ($409 million) despite a 10 percent capacity increase and successful efforts to nudge ticket prices higher.
Bowman suggested one day had more to do with the Birth of Bluesmania than any other - Nov. 19, 1967, when Ron Stewart and Ron Attwell were traded to New York for Red Berenson and Barclay Plager.
But he said his group will be "keeping the pressure on" CSX and MDOT.
4:40 p.m. -- The session has ended and Drake Stadium has been cleared, as a new crowd comes in for tonight's events.
The council is tentatively scheduled to consider the proposal on May 21, Bill Ekern, the city's community development manager, said Wednesday.
Woods practiced in Atlanta on Monday and is scheduled to be on the Firestone grounds Tuesday morning. Maybe Stallings will have caught his breath by then.
What is the 79-year-old Widman's artistic legacy? Hull describes Widman as a visionary. That's overstatement. Rather, Widman had a vision. And as the years passed, and as new art movements emerged and flamed out, and as other artists opened and closed their studios or sank into half-heartedness, this man stuck to it without reservation.
Madonna co-wrote and directed "W.E.," the story of American socialite Wallis Simpson (Andrea Riseborough) and England's King Edward VIII (James D'Arcy.) See it at 3:45 p.m. today at Cleveland Institute of Art Cinematheque, 11141 East Blvd. $5-$9.
Unit shipments fell in all regions except Asia, where they rose 4 percent.
Decreased dropout rates, increased attendance and renewed school spirit have become the norm at Sweetwater High and its feeder schools. A sense of "We Can" has taken over and the question is no longer "if" students can achieve, but "by how much."
An image of children crossing the street dominates a campaign flier asking Garfield Heights residents to support the city's traffic cameras on Election Day. "You never know," it says, "whose life you might save."
Hayes, 50, who is Terrell’s alleged accomplice, pleaded guilty to a lesser robbery charge — carrying an expected 20-year prison sentence — in exchange for testimony at trial.
A reward of up to $10,000 is being offered to anyone with information leading to an arrest and conviction in the Kingdom Hall fires.
No one is more versed in how Jobs thinks than the top executives that he hand-picked. Highly skilled in their respective disciplines, they include Tim Cook, who received high marks for running the company during Jobs' absences, and Jonathan Ive, widely considered one of the most talented industrial designers in the world. Ron Johnson, who oversees 317 Apple stores, has helped the company create one of the world's most profitable chains. Eddy Cue, Apple's vice president of Internet services, is behind the soaring success of the iTunes and App stores.
He spoke after signing an agreement with Afghan President Hamid Karzai to cover the decade after the planned final withdrawal of U.S. combat troops in 2014. Obama said American forces will be involved in counter-terrorism and training of the Afghan military, "but we will not build permanent bases in this country, nor will we be patrolling its cities and mountains."
In addition, Sen. Max Baucus, D-Mont., chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, has proposed a new fee on insurers that would subsidize coverage for uninsured Americans. The fee would generate about $6 billion a year.
He was a past chairman of the Orange County Business Committee for the Arts, a board member for South Coast Repertory and a key supporter of the law school at Chapman University in Orange.
By approximately 5:30 am, Frank Ogawa Plaza had been contained, and the City is in the process of mobilizing the clean-up phase.
This seems like a familiar movie gambit (shades of Stephen King’s “Misery”), but it’s a conceptual idea with some depth. The movie credits Poe as the godfather of much morbid popular culture, and is correct to do so. There would be no “CSI” anything without Poe (who knew the corpse was as much subject as object), or “Saw,” or Hannibal Lecter (also a Baltimore guy). The killer fancies himself a Poe devotee, so it’s as though Poe is being stalked by a twisted version of his own legacy, somebody who copies Poe’s gruesome mechanics but misses the layer of florid romantic feeling.
From the naughty Max of "Wild Things" to the foul-tempered Pierre from Sendak's bite-size "Nutshell Library" collection, parents said Sendak understood the inner world of childhood like few other writers for kids. It's a world, Forsyth said, that "I created, that I had control over, that somehow made more sense than the world seems today."
The law, SB1070, which goes into effect July 29, makes it a state crime to be in the country illegally.
"Ralph Spidalieri -- Geauga County's Jimmy Dimora?" read one particularly odorous mailing. It accused him of getting a business loan from the county, then running for commissioner where he "could vote to forgive his own loan and stick you with the bill for his business improvements."
"I think the country needs family and tradition and loyalty," she tells Kelly Ripa (herself a Jersey girl; south Jersey, but we won't hold that against her) and guest host Jerry O'Connell. "And I think that's what we display. And we're not afraid to put it out there. The crazy, the happy, the sad, everything. We're not afraid to put it out there. And it's real."
In his Tweet, the rapper wrote, "I am canceling my concert in Phoenix on May 31. How is the country we enjoy and love bcuz of its human rights, freedom, opportunity and that has been built by immigrants, now start 2 deny them? It is contradicting 2 everything the USA stands 4."
"When I grow up I want to be taller than my dad," he solemnly announced Wednesday over his family's dining room table. The boy, who dreams of athletic and music stardom, has concluded that there is no room in the NBA for men of his father's stature. So he must continue to grow.
At least 30 other drivers have sent complaints about the issue to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. While none has reported an accident or injury related to the problem, several drivers said the rear of the car tends to swing out, especially when driving on snow or ice. NHTSA hasn't opened an investigation into the Impala's suspension system, which is usually the first step in the process that can lead to a safety recall.
"May have seen" is a necessary qualification because the places are hidden, not only by distortions on the map in Niccolo the Younger's book, but also by other names. Frislanda, Di Robilant suggests, is a distortion of Faroe Islands, a contraction and Italianizing of "the old Viking name from Faeroeisland to Frislanda."
Fourteen years after the TT went into production and one major overhaul later, the TT design has been conventionalized somewhat. The car is significantly longer, lower and wider. The clumsiness between the rocker panels and door openings has been resolved. The fastback lands more gracefully on the rear deck. The car's stance is quite a bit more masculine and athletic than before. Comparatively, a first-gen TT looks positively steampunk.
"We just worked him out to get his heart rate up and we'll wait and see how he responds," Johnston said. "I think he's pretty well set to play unless he has a headache in the next hour."
Cost: $12 ages 13-64; $10 seniors; $5 3-12; $5 members
He said there had been 60 prisoners packed into his cell.
He must be pretty progressive though, because his armaments expert is a former slave. Medical care, meanwhile, comes courtesy of Native Americans who take Hex in after he gets a shotgun blast to the chest, mumble some prayers, and dose him with hallucinogens. Hex repays them by vomiting up a live crow.
The NFL Players Association released a statement on the suspensions that asks for the evidence used to determine the punishments.
ZEELAND <U+0097> Auto parts supplier Gentex said Thursday that its first-quarter profits jumped 9.5 percent, as an increase in vehicle production boosted demand for its products.
Hoover praised the response. "Nice touch partner," the No. 2 man at ATF said about a colleague's work on the letter.
Hours after the lockdown, passengers were again being re-screened through security so they could board or reboard their flights. Scott Kaczmarek of Seattle, visiting friends and family in Morris Plains, was waiting on a long, slow-moving security line.
"We're making progress week-to-week on the cost front," Ammann said. "Not everything will come with some big announcement."
Their deaths follow suicide bombings Monday that targeted symbols of state power and killed at least nine people and wounded more than 100.
The children's' favorite is the fact box on the Mounted Patrol: "Did you know? If the horse poops on the sidewalk, the officer scoops it."
Harold Messmer Jr. of Robert Half topped the charts in our sample with 106,310 of such advice. Calpine's Robert P. May was reimbursed 50,000 so he could hire a lawyer to negotiate his contract to bail out the bankrupt energy company.
When she finally told the investigators what happened, Taylor admitted she "downplayed my part because I was scared."
Goldman Sachs's legal troubles have brought unwanted attention to CEO Lloyd Blankfein. Blankfein addressed Goldman Sachs employees in a voicemail sent out Sunday, according to a transcript of the call obtained by The AP.
None of these problems is unique to St. Louis. Nearly every old industrial city, particularly those in the Midwest, has similar problems, give or take a few percentage points.
Douglas S. Massey, co-director of the Mexican Migration Project at Princeton University, has done long-term studies of migration patterns. He wrote in a blog for CNN that "the rate of new undocumented migration from Mexico dropped to zero in 2008 for the first time in 50 years."
And no, she doesn't think her grand entrance on "Sherlock" will define her own skill set.
The red-meat parade of successes continued with a frequent special, rack of lamb Dijon ($32 for 4-bone), which highlighted the kitchen's emphasis on successful simplicity. This one was caramelized for crispness all over, and the interior flavor was a rare balance of wildness, tangy juices and warmth. Again, one of the best I've had.
"If you talk to 15 different counties, you'll find 15 different approaches to handling civil warrants," said Sgt. Robert Shingledecker of the Dakota County Sheriff's Office. "Everything is based on manpower."
He picked up a basket on a putback over Sampson with 4:52 left, then hit a free throw to give Illinois a 27-20 lead. With 3:15 left in the half, Leonard added two more on a jumper for a 30-22 lead.
“This is the finish line for this year,” Coughlin said in reference to the team mantra that began in training camp. “Yes it is!”
"If we rescind, everything we have done is all over with," said Frank Neglia. "I think the smartest thing is to follow through with what we’ve already approved."
Borzi said many of the retirement industry players and some members of Congress have asked the department to go slower and reconsider the new rules.
But a critical habitat designation raises the bar, said Michael Garrity, executive director of the Montana group Alliance for the Wild Rockies, which sued the government to create the designation.
North Korea formally walked away from the talks after the Security Council condemnation of its rocket launch.
I had a lot of time to study them, because the place had filled up, and as the sun went down, the wait time for a table increased. I arrived early to beat the crowds, and as I chatted with other diners, it became apparent that everyone around me had already discovered the exceptional cocktails, pizza, risotto and small plates that make up the menu.
Now, every day that Richard waited to be confirmed -- and we were pretty patient. I mean, we kept on saying to Mitch McConnell and the other folks, let's go ahead and confirm him. Why isn't he being called up? Let's go. Every day that we waited was another day when millions of Americans were left unprotected. Because without a director in place, the consumer watchdog agency that we've set up doesn't have all the tools it needs to protect consumers against dishonest mortgage brokers or payday lenders and debt collectors who are taking advantage of consumers. And that's inexcusable. It's wrong. And I refuse to take no for an answer. (Applause.)
Since 1972, the group has provided wrap-around services for Newark’s Latino and Lower Broadway neighborhoods, developing everything from early childhood education centers to affordable housing for first-time home buyers.
Wanger's decision, however, was a mixed bag <U+0096> even though supporters of increased Delta pumping are already hailing it as a great victory <U+0096> and is likely another skirmish in the long-running battle between environmentalists and urban and agricultural water users over the Delta.
The Phoenix City Council narrowly approved a new contract for police officers this week that will restore part of a previous pay cut and allow paid release time for some officers to conduct union business.
Style: The former Mouseketeer (he was on "The Mickey Mouse Club" with "Voice" mentor Christina Aguilera) took "the path less traveled," he says. Now, his sound is laid-back "soul-folk."
Not only is the world getting smaller, but changes in the United States also have given foreigners more opportunities to identify with us. The historic election of President Barack Obama two years ago is the example that many Europeans point to.
Why so secretive, Cleveland?
Depending on how the first progress report looks, the court will decide whether to appoint a special master to oversee the agency.
Murry, who has been charged with one count of conspiracy to defraud the United States, and two counts of preparing a false individual tax return, will be in court next Tuesday for a plea hearing. If convicted, he faces a maximum sentence of five years in federal prison on the conspiracy charge and three years on each tax count.
Christman has argued that government witnesses such as Kelley and Russo have concocted tales against Gabor to an attempt slice years off their prison sentences.
Running time: 119 minutes.
At a Neil Young tribute concert at Carnegie Hall last night, Patti Smith sang "It's a Dream" -- a Young song that I had never paid much attention to before. It's a pensive ballad from his 2005 album "Prairie Wind" -- sorry, but Young releases so much material, all the time, that it's hard to keep up with it all.
"I know how this looks," Lumbley said. "Our goal is, we want a successful adult one day. We hope we can get him on a path to success now, so when he's a middle-schooler and teenager, he's there."
Four months later, Bush was Reagan's choice to run as vice president. He denied using the words "voodoo economics" -- or at least he did until NBC News found a videotape of the speech. Nevertheless, Bush served for eight years at Reagan's side and won his boss' endorsement when he ran in his own right in 1988.
Director, Zone 2 - 4 Yr. Term John L. Griffith 03/15/2011 Fee
The coverage, which included real-time updates on Twitter, earned the newspaper a Pulitzer Prize for breaking news.
A: Actually, my respiration has been fine throughout this process. The difference was there was a five-game losing streak last season, a response, and then restored confidence. But now, this malaise, especially on the road, has been ongoing for a month. That's a pretty long period of mediocrity in a relatively short season. Now if the Heat were looking at homecourt in each round of the playoffs, it would be another story.
As reported by AJC restaurant reviewer Jon Watson and the “Food and More” blog, the Atlanta Police Department License and Permits unit arrived at the park May 3 and began shutting down trucks in a dispute over the number of locations each truck was permitted to operate at.
None of the patients the Clinic transports from Medina are trauma patients. Those patients are transported to MetroHealth, which along with other hospitals use a second helipad at Medina.
Rutgers, he says, is never far from his thoughts.
“There were walkers on the streets, people visiting those buildings who may never be missed.
His latest book, he said, is about demystifying veganism and showing people that they don't need animal proteins to feel satisfied -- and that the impact on their health of making that switch will be huge. Studies have shown, Barnard said, that people will improve their cardiovascular risk factors with a plant-based diet and, as a side effect of the dietary changes, they will lose weight.
A party spokesman said the chairman had no further comment.
They take another pass at it, the tension and anger building into an ugly paroxysm of violence, then winding down into a weary sadness. They stop and look at one another; slow nods all around. Coble says simply, “That worked.”
A settlement conference in the case is scheduled for Dec. 12, during which attorneys for both sides will have the opportunity to discuss a possible settlement prior to any trial.
"In the past, we've had customers who wanted to buy cookies from us but couldn't, because they didn't have cash on them," said Carol Smith, troop leader of the 11 ninth-graders in Troop 24 in Solon.
Some of the highlights from the plan are:
Here is my first post, reflecting on the question of why everyone likes to talk about innovation but so few actually innovate. I believe it has something to do with what's in the water.
"We need to make sure that students who get to college get out" with a degree, Block said.
To preserve minority-represented districts under the federal Voting Rights Act, Democrats vastly expanded city congressional districts by stretching the boundaries to the suburbs and beyond.
As with Aria, whose condos many real estate agents considered overpriced at $333,000 to $3 million, "the sooner the Murano units get on the market and become owner-occupied, the better the result will be for the condo association," Wade said.
exports for the whole of this year will now need to be lowered,
Sometimes the good guys win.
The issue has sparked a political firestorm for the administration, with Catholics and other religious groups strongly protesting an original Health and Human Services ruling that religion-affiliated institutions such as hospitals and universities must include free birth control coverage in their employee health plans. The churches themselves were exempted from the requirement.
“That’s just who he is,” Tollefson said. “You show me a healthy Osi Umenyiora that doesn’t make plays — and I mean, all the time ... Do you know how far that can take a team?”
In August, the team takes on "Gamera vs. Guiron," a 1969 mega-monster mashup, on the outdoor screen at Sewallcrest Park.
TRENTON, N.J. - Nicholas Katzenbach, whose eight years in the Kennedy and Johnson administrations helped shape some of the most important events of the 1960s, has died. He was 90.
The free event is intended to minimize the risk of identity theft and minced items will be recycled at the end of the day, according to EnviroShred NW officials.
6-7, 241. 40 Time: 4.89
Clear fabric adhesive
Mr. Byrne, the Colorado lawyer, acted as Ms. Gu's primary contact during the U.S. case. "She was very sharp, and fortunately her English was very good," he recalled recently.
A FIERY FALLOUT
"We are pleased that … we can now return our full focus to growing our business, making the most of the expanding opportunities in our space and delivering superior results for our customers and stockholders," Flatley said in a statement.
7. Indiana Pacers
She replied, "I've been informed you've already decided," she said, "so I don't know what the point would be."
Water
increase taxes or tolls, but he’s depending on a toll increase
Fudge's letter says roughly 11 percent of voting-age citizens in this country - or more than 20 milliion individuals - lack government issued photo identification. Her office says their constitutionally guaranteed voting rights should not be jeopardized.
Details: The Rev. Norman Douglas, chaplain at the University of Akron, will speak on "Coming to the Heart of Our Catholic Identity." Call 330-376-5144.
"Even if I don't like 80% of it, if I could do it again next year, I would," Joanna said, "because this moment right here is priceless."
"This prediction won't be of major consequence," said Danny Kluesner, secretary of the Consolidated North County Levee District in eastern St. Charles County.
They had overcome a 7-8-1 start at home and repeated dips out of playoff position but then lost their final two games. Sutter, who took over for Terry Murray on Dec. 22, wasn't sure if his team had gone as far as it could manage.
1823 S 8th St, $70,000
That message flashed in Richardson's head as she chased Racette down the last hill. Maybe this was the time to take that chance.
Jets general manager Mike Tannenbaum in a statement said, “Rex showed extremely poor judgment and his conduct was inappropriate. He knows he was wrong, has apologized and we have accepted his apology. Any other actions regarding this incident will be addressed internally by the organization.”
An abundance of botanical prints hangs throughout the house, but almost always at eye level, even when one is sitting on the great-room stairs. An English conservatory/terrarium provides an unexpected focal point in the great room. Its contents include fragrant gardenias, a nest, a blue robin's egg and a small statue, the first Judy and Mike bought as a married couple.
Pythons reproduce easily. On rare occasions, they've been known to reproduce without a male, and females are also known to store male sperm. They produce large clutches of eggs, and the hatchlings tend to survive because they are so large.
Paradise Point Hotel & Spa celebrates its 50th anniversary this year, and now through June 30 they're offering a 1962 hotel rate for the fourth night of your stay. That's three nights at the regular $171 per night rate, and the fourth night at the 1962 rate of
Smith said American "has always maintained its aircraft to the highest standards, and we continue to do so."
Early one morning two days before Christmas, we saw only a dusting of snow. Breckenridge claimed to have measured 5 inches. So did Keystone. Of course, all the resorts take their official measurements at places where they are apt to record the most generous amounts, even if the snow seems paltry to the people on the lifts.
A new USA Today/Gallup poll conducted in these 2012 battlegrounds has a tight race overall. Obama leads Romney 47% to 45%, with 7% undecided.
The staff can explain all this, but it might have been nicer to have a cleaner look and let the scenic attributes carry the design. To see the moon ascend over the Bay Bridge while sitting at one of the crystal-set tables with comfortable leather chairs makes everything else seem like distracting window dressing.
JOSIE MARAN Moroccan Getaway Travel Case: Here's what you get: Argan cleansing oil for body, Argan oil hair serum, 100 percent pure argan oil, Argan daily moisturizer, Argan cleansing oil for face, whipped Argan oil body butter in sweet citrus. $39 at Sephora.
But enough about what he usually does during council meetings.
Meanwhile freshman Kate White was beaming.
He pulled his pistol (either from his holster or his pocket, depending on the statement) and told his attackers to back off or they were "going to get it." He struck an assailant with his gun in some accounts but didn't mention that in others. Then he said he ran down Blanket Hill and across the commons to seek shelter with the Guard, which had set up a secure area.
Beginning Wednesday, consumers may no longer make the shipments, including to army and diplomatic post offices. That means friends and family will have to use more expensive private companies such as UPS and FedEx to ship electronics to U.S. troops based abroad.
Lisa Mabrey, who owns the rescue group, Dogs of the Gorge in Wishram, Wash., has been negotiating with Calvin for some time, trying to persuade him to give the dogs up. She managed to rescue some of them but ran out of room. She contacted officials at the Oregon Humane Society, who visited the property two weeks ago.
The changes were not unusual what with a short night ahead and a noon game for both teams on Saturday.
"The Energizer bunny is core to the new platform," said Betsy Laakko, Energizer's director of global brand development.
CAUSES OF PREMATURITY
Fans, however, expected to behold a new, improved Woods when he returned from the sex scandal that cost him his marriage and nearly two years of a magnificent career, promising to respect the game and the fans who pay dearly to watch him play.
"It was sad but beautiful."
The program is slated to start Jan. 1, 2013, but Malach said he will look for opportunities to start the program early as the city prepares its 2013 budget.
Are we that frustrated? Bob Mewhinney of Hillsboro took a friend fishing on the lower Columbia River on Monday and anchored off a deserted beach at Puget Island. There were fishing shacks on the shoreline, but none were occupied.
The Suns have been called small for years.
On a muggy afternoon when true freshman tailback Malcolm Agnew looked like another Jacquizz Rodgers and Beavers' quarterback Ryan Katz looked lost, a crowd of 41,581 at Reser Stadium went through an emotional wringer in the fourth quarter as both teams took turns trying to give away the game.
Trust us. The California Economic Summit will be worth the time.
Most visitors encounter the islands' Portuguese culinary heritage — courtesy of plantation-era immigration — in local treats such as sweet bread and malasadas (doughnut holes) or Hawaiian-made Portuguese sausage (linguica and chorizo). But the recently opened Adega Portuguesa on a busy corner in Honolulu's Chinatown broadens their options with a Luso-Brazilian menu that includes a daily $12.99 lunch buffet and specials such as feijoada, garlic fried chicken and stuffed squid. That, and the occasional fado artist are reason enough to attract the North Shore's Brazilian surf squad into Chinatown, along with budget-minded foodies.
"All the cops stood around me in their tight blue uniforms and the sky was golden abouve them. First RFK got my name and looked at my license. Then I had to hold my hand out and touch my nose while my neighbors watched. Another police cruiser slowed until it was in front of my driveway."
T-Mobile's HTC One S is an elegant, fully loaded phone with well-designed features. If you don't mind the network's slower speeds, it's a great find. If you prefer faster speeds, another carrier's One model might be a better fit.
The hospitals provided these projections:
Hey, Tony: I think the Browns should draft Brandon Spikes of Florida. He was the best defender on the No. 1 team last season; so what's all this hype about players who wouldn't even stand up to Florida's defense? -- Jacob Jancik, Lakewood
The latest decision puts South Korea on a similar time frame with China, the world's biggest emitter, which also is working toward initiating a nationwide carbon-trading program for 2015.
Susan Gaede has cast her eye on local news for more than 35 years. Contact her at 714-529-8561 or e-mail suzgaede@aol.com.
Brian Lungren had been on a downward spiral since his mid-teens <U+0096> using street drugs, hearing voices, hallucinating and descending ever deeper into mental illness.
At times, the story seems to have lost its way, but virtually all of the aforementioned elements come together in the final act, with sometimes stunning finality. The cast is uniformly excellent, but this is Dafoe's showcase. He's onscreen nearly every moment, and his transformation from focused mercenary to a man with multiple missions is an example of sublime screen acting. "The Hunter" is one of the most unusual and one of the best films to arrive in the first third of 2012.
According to a public Facebook group called the <U+0093>Cipriano Support Page<U+0094> and mass e-mails by the Alumni Association of the Detroit Catholic Central High School, the 51-year-old mother and 17-year-old son are making progress.
Carter, who was acquired at the trade deadline from Columbus in exchange for defenseman Jack Johnson, appears ready to go for Game 1. Tuesday he was working with the No. 1 power-play unit before practice. Carter also practiced Monday, and Kings Coach Darryl Sutter said: "He was better today than he was yesterday."
Likewise, fragrant sesame oil costs $4.69 for a 7-ounce bottle, $10.99 for a 22-ounce bottle, or $12.79 for a 52-ounce bottle.
Sarah Bancroft, editor in chief of Vitamindaily.com, which calls itself the Daily Candy of Canada, describes Vancouver's style as eclectic. "You don't have style tribes like you have in New York, where each new season everyone gets on the same bandwagon," she said.
But the wheels appear in danger of coming off completely. Some within GOP ranks keep pressing Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey to enter the race. Others are daffy enough to wish for Sarah Palin’s late entry into the field.
But by the end of "Sailor," no character has escaped his or her own reckoning. One of the most compelling drivers of this novel is that all the characters, with all their failures and foibles, have to wade through the consequences of their past. For some, the wages of sin are death; for others, it's a deeply different form of life. By the end, the solution to the deeply twisted calculus of the plot is surprising, sad and wholly satisfactory.
"The Capmark bankruptcy and subsequent foreclosures are due to challenges nationally in the commercial real-estate industry," developer John Klutznick said in a statement. "The foreclosure will result in a restructuring of equity interests in the High Street portion of the project to enable fresh capital to be injected. Day-to-day operations will continue as usual."
"This is just another great way to help the business climate and the business sector of the state of Oregon," he said.
Parisio, dressed in a blue prison jumpsuit, held his head in his hands as he was brought before Judge Joan Robinson-Gross at Superior Court in Elizabeth.
As both measures headed to the ballot, FitzGerald, a Democratic party insider, had eyes on the county auditor's job. In September, he called for Russo's resignation from that post.
There are these dramatic health disparities here based on factors like race, poverty, education, even geography. If you live in Hough, you have a likelihood to live, on average, 64 years. Whereas if you live in Lyndhurst, you have an average life span of 88 years. That's unconscionable. The two communities are less than eight miles apart.
It wasn't what Fogg expected, to be sure, but it was also better than he expected in other ways.
It did seem a bit sudden when Kelsey announced just over a month after their split that he and girlfriend Kayte Walsh were expecting a child together. Camille says she caught wind of the pregnancy, but when she confronted Kelsey about it, he denied it, only to confirm it to the press two days later. (Walsh later miscarried.)
--Doug Lesmerises
The Democratic energy bill signed Wednesday by the president marked a historic change in the nation's environmental policy, providing the most significant increase in fuel-economy standards for vehicles in more than three decades.
DuBourg led most of the way until midway through the fourth quarter when Nickels scored to give the Rebels a 33-31 advantage with five minutes to play. The teams traded buckets from there until a Sarah Meyer layup with 1 minute, 51 seconds left lifted the Rebels to a 40-39 lead
Investors cheered --sort of. Apple's stock rose 6 percent Wednesday, hitting a new all-time high of $454.45.
Balester turned in his own two-strikeout inning Thursday when he replaced starter Drew Smyly in the fifth with a runner on first and none out. He got Evan Longoria to chase a low pitch for Strike 3, then -- after a groundout and an intentional walk -- he struck out Sean Rodriguez.
with a variety of problems
Last year, the U.S. Supreme Court declined to hear the case, leaving in place a 15-year sentence based on Cordes’ interpretation of the statute.
State Education Commissioner Lucille Davy said the increased scores reflect things such as higher expectations set for high school students in math — which drives improvement in the lower grades, since kids must prepare for high school — and preschool expansion.
Renacci raised $293,399 during the period covered by the report, spent $118,544, and ended up with $1.2 million in the bank. For the two year election cycle, he's raised $1.6 million and spent $400,984. His individual donations total $784,654, his donations from political party committees total $23,923, and he has collected $809,016 from other political committees including PACS.
Simon was so thankful for this gift. I, in return, took home a memory of true African hospitality and joy. I will never forget the look on Simon's face when I was finished hanging his net.
Because right now, the "I'll-Show-You-Dadgum-Shark-Varmints" mode is doing extremely good business.
I feel like I'm a little old for H&M, but I've bought some things at Uniqlo (the Japanese version of H&M) that I like... but like this (she looks down at her Yoji Yamamoto suit) I got at a sample sale.
The water heater
"It's a beautiful body of water, and it needs help," said Larson, who said her children learned to water ski on the sea in the 1950s.
Earlier this school year, repairs to the Lake Oswego High School's leaky roof kept students out of the front entrance for about a month. In September 2010, Superintendent Bill Korach said the repairs cost about $2.9 million, a higher figure than the $200,000 to $600,000 the district initially estimated.
Meanwhile, a social media "event" — blue4grace — was begun by friends and quickly went viral, stretching far beyond Howard County.
as I understand it, they'll have grown
Menendez, running for his second full term in November, would win 43 percent against both Kyrillos and Little, who would both win 31 percent, according to the PublicMind poll of 800 registered voters.
Even better was the ramekin of mac 'n' cheese, made with white cheddar, mozzarella, Parmesan and cream cheeses. The "mac" part is cavatappi, a spiraled tube also called "double elbow macaroni." It can be customized with 13 add-ons ($1 each), basically toppings for the pizzas. We chose fresh spinach, wild mushrooms, Italian sausage and olives. Best dish on the table.
As the Minnesota Legislature sits on the brink of voting on the stadium plan, Ted Mondale, Gov. Mark Dayton's chief stadium negotiator, and other state officials have emphasized the Vikings will pay $13 million annually toward the stadium's operating costs, Minneapolis will add $7.5 million a year, and both figures will rise over time. Mondale said that when the team's upfront costs of $427 million are combined with its operating cost payments, the Vikings will pay for more than half the project.
Police had gone looking for Hughes at the apartment a day after finding the body of his mother, Dianne Hughes, 66, in the home the two shared on Bernice Avenue in Rohnert Park. Investigators believe he beat her to death because she wanted him out of the house, said Brian Masterson, chief of the Rohnert Park Department of Public Safety.
The biggest problems of this economic recession - home sales, foreclosures and home values - aren't likely to go away any time soon, Sandy Pianalto, president of the Cleveland Federal Reserve Bank, said Tuesday.
2 large garlic cloves, minced
I know what I need to do. I need to listen to Siebert and follow her plan. I paid handsomely for her instruction, after all. I'm wasting money when I don't listen to her.
Sean Noble, a policy director with Illinois Voices for Children, said the state's nationally recognized Preschool for All program took a 10 percent budget hit this year that was further aggravated by the state's inability to pay its bills to child care providers seeking reimbursement. About 7,600 3- to 5-year-olds lost access to programs this year, he said.
After a successful stint at Phoenix College, a friend suggested that Carr attend Texas Western University (now University of Texas at El Paso). Carr's recruitment trip to El Paso was eventful, as the car he was in broke down and legendary UTEP basketball coach Don Haskins wound up picking up the stranded Carr.
A silent movie about movies. A movie about silent movies. A movie about a movie.
Robocaller calls it quits: A warranty telemarketer will permanently hang up his phone. The Federal Trade Commission said Fereidoun "Fred" Khalilian agreed to be permanently banned from telemarketing to settle charges that he tricked consumers into buying extended auto service plans.
Locally, Neighborhood Housing Services will try to aid with repairs.
House on Lake Eerie
Things had been tense between council members and the mayor as her first term ended in 2009. So Council President Adrian Mapp — a founding member of the New Democrats and a man who gave Robinson-Briggs a run for the money in the last primary — met with his nemesis. They said they would work together. For months, they did. She had a business administrator who worked closely with council members, regularly meeting with their committees.
A LEGISLATIVE TRIO: Three lawmakers are facing some unwanted scrutiny early in the session. Sen. Brian Boquist, R-Dallas, is accused in a lawsuit from former business partners of wrongly channeling cash from a military training business to another firm and then to Republican campaigns.
Masters' attorney, David Lane, also put out a statement:
He knew his upstairs neighbor as "Miss Ray." She and her daughter were friendly and often had family and friends stopping in to visit, he said.
Detroit Derby Girls: Bout between Pistolwhippers and Devil's Night Dames, 7 p.m. Sat. Masonic Temple, 500 Temple, Detroit. 313-832-7100. $15, free ages 12 and younger. Doors open at 6 p.m.
The questions remain the same: What is the role of Alsace wines at the table? Who drinks them? Can its vintners resolve their squabbles over undisclosed sweetness levels?
The truck’s driver was taken to a hospital for treatment of serious injuries. Some of the cattle had to be euthanized.
But Obama’s real point was impossible to miss: to air a dramatic, taxpayer-funded campaign ad with a high-value, if expensive, backdrop — and claim credit for ending two wars in that region.
The singer threw a destructive tantrum in his dressing room after he was asked on-air by the morning show's Robin Roberts about his beating of then-girlfriend Rihanna in 2009. He later apologized, saying he got upset and needed to "let out steam."
ø4. Valtteri Filppula is playing the best hockey of his career, giving Detroit two dynamic scoring lines. He has 20 points in his first 23 games.
Yet, Kingston said an independent investigation should be conducted to find out what safeguards are in place to ensure that both deputy district attorneys and jail guards know the law and are not secretly recording privileged conversations.
Prosecutor Jennifer Ritter said in her closing argument that Parker's story of self-defense was just that — a story he came up with in the day between Wise's death and Parker's arrest.
One of Schlichter's victims in the ticket scheme was the widow of a former Wendy's Co. president, whose attorney said last year she had been ruined by Schlichter. Anita Barney's homes are being foreclosed and her only income is from Social Security, attorney William Loveland said.
<U+FFFD> Fertilize palms with a special palm fertilizer. Large, mature palms should receive 5 to 7 pounds (small palms 3 to 5 pounds) per tree. Apply the fertilizer in a band around the trunk, about 1 foot from the base of the trunk. After applying the fertilizer, slowly water it into the ground. Follow the directions on the container.
This ride is not easy, but it can easily be shortened by starting in Davis (for a total of about 50 miles) or even Winters (about 25 miles).
By signing Crawford, the team would need to have the mid-level exception, which is afforded to teams under the league’s tax threshold. In order to get under the threshold, the Blazers needed to waive Roy and his $15 million salary for this season under the league’s new amnesty clause. Friday was the deadline for teams to use amnesty this season.
The Supreme Court has ordered the government to dismantle illegal West Bank settlement outposts — a move that faces tough opposition from hard-line coalition allies who have a history of toppling even right-leaning governments like Netanyahu's over such issues.
(A) and (B) Clearwater Hills and The Franciscan Renewal Center Casa de Paz y Bien
Usually, a picture of calm, even before his kick at frozen Lambeau Field four years ago, Tynes was a bit more animated before this 31-yarder, and this game as a whole, frankly.
Rochelle "Coco Soul" Walker says selling yourself is the key. Walker is training Linda "Mai Lee" Tran, 25, a co-owner of Mai Lee Restaurant, for her audition Tuesday.
The public wait was worth it for Michigan fans.
P.S.: Beans and rice are staples of Mexican cuisine, of course. We found the whole beans far better than the refried version. The rice was ho-hum.
Well-known artist and art educator Robert Reedy will be feted with a reception for an exhibition of his work in Winter Park as part of the "Art in the Chambers" program, Tuesday, 5:30-7 p.m. Reedy's work, which includes mixed-media, paintings and ceramics, has been exhibited nationwide at museums and art institutions, including the Smithsonian Institution in Washington, D.C.
"All those questions have been answered on Arden Hills," Bagley added.
Belgium and Ireland's ministers missed the eurozone talks as volcanic ash held up flights in northern Europe. Swedish and Danish ministers were also due to skip the broader meeting of all 27 EU members starting later Friday.
Safety officials believe brake-override systems -- in which the application of the brake pedal by the driver would instantly disengage a stuck throttle -- can prevent such crashes.
Norman Chad, Washington Post: "Who really is watching the NHL postseason? Ratings are way up this year, yet at any given time, twice as many people are watching ‘The Real Housewives of Atlanta' reunion show on Bravo than watching the NHL playoffs on NBC Sports Network. Heck, most prison TVs will put ‘Storage Wars' on before they put on a Predators-Coyotes game."
The Forest Service's maintenance crew has reconstructed six of the almost 10 miles of the Four Peaks Trail. A sign stating "The Trail Is Not Maintained Ahead" warns hikers it will end in about a half-mile. At that point, hikers should return the way they came.
For the full year, PGE earned $147 million, or $1.95 per diluted share, compared to $125 million, or $1.66 per diluted share, for 2010. For 2012, the company is forecasting earnings of $1.85 to $2.00 per share.
That was a long time ago, and the Oregon team that took control of this one in the third quarter might be forcing itself back into consideration.
State law generally prohibits government employees from making, participating in or otherwise influencing decisions by their agency if they have a financial interest in the outcome.
Brown has already answered the question at length. Coughlin was glad to discuss it when we talked with him earlier today.
“In difficult fiscal times like these, we must work harder, be more creative and realistic to find the best, most cost-effective ways to meet our public safety obligations,” she said in a statement. “I pledge to continue working with the governor’s office and county and local officials to find and implement a regionalized public safety and shared services plan.”
In today's video Health Tip, Dr. Wendy Cicek of the MetroHealth System discusses steps patients can take to control Type 2 diabetes and improve their health.
Ty Lawson and Al Harrington scored 24 points apiece for the sixth-seeded Nuggets, who committed 19 turnovers and managed just 7-of-27 shooting in the fourth quarter. Arron Afflalo scored 15 points in just the third Game 7 in franchise history for the Nuggets, who have lost in the first round in eight of the last nine postseasons — but never with this much excitement.
A statement issued by PSEG following the outage declared their personnel did not cause the outage, but instead had identified a faulty circuit breaker owned by the hospital before the incident and alerted hospital officials.
Harris, who would be the first openly gay justice, appeared to have more support on the panel than Kwon, although the sources said the vote would not be unanimous.
Hilger took up the racino cause again this year, believing the stadium funding issue enhanced its chances of passage. When it hit the wall again, he sought meetings with Dayton and with legislative leaders.
"Given your penchant for sports spin, have you ever considered politics?" -- Tom Hoffner
He decided to do it in the hopes of helping other teens like him.
"I can't believe someone hasn't gotten killed," Silvaggio said.
First of all, how perfect was it to make Roger the first "Mad Men" character to trip on LSD? Even better than Pete. Because the following happened when a seemingly boring dinner party that angry-couple Roger and Jane attended turned into a trip:
Outside of Europe, investors will be keeping a close watch on the next round of U.S. economic data later in the day, which includes the monthly non-manufacturing survey from the Institute for Supply Management. A stronger than anticipated manufacturing report on Tuesday helped the Dow Jones industrial average close at its highest level in nearly five years.
Those attending the summit brainstormed ideas for mounting a defense against the species that will be compiled into a report for the governor.
The rides, restaurants and shops of Radiator Springs will include:
Zirkin said Kamenetz's lobbying against the bill made the county look bad because a majority of members on the county's House and Senate delegations have expressed support for either a fully or partially elected board.
The NCI announced the preliminary results in November 2010: That spiral CT scans caught malignant tumors and nodules earlier, reducing the risk of dying from lung cancer by 20 percent in middle age and elderly smokers.
There was no clear paper trail linking Taylor to rebels, and the three-judge panel wound up convicting him of aiding and abetting the fighters. He was cleared of direct command responsibility over the rebels.
Q: We are getting brown growth on all the cactuses in our front yard, some of which are very expensive. Any feedback on what it is? Can we fix it? Should we stop planting cactus like these, and if we do what should we replace them with?
D.J. Morgan
This month, Soft Surroundings opened a 4,595-square-foot retail store at 405 Nichols Road on the Country Club Plaza. The store is in the former J. Jill location. More Soft Surroundings are opening in other parts of the country, too.
About $39.5 million in Measure G and matching state funds have been spent so far on Phase I of improvements to 12 district schools. Here is what it paid for:
In a span of about five minutes, Shane ended weeks of tension by busting open the barn with some big Gold Rush prospector's pickaxe, a gaggle of geeks come rambling out to meet their fates head-on and we finally figured out what happened to Sophia, or at least where she ended up. (Hint: She was in the barn.)
Bellefontaine Cemetery is a unique place for a fundraiser.
She endured 20-plus rounds of chemotherapy, and her body would become so bloated by medications that she couldn't wear shoes on her swollen feet. Yet she hid her pain while remaining a constant uplifting presence at the Cal boathouse.
"Ain’t No Fun (If the Homies Can’t Have None)" (1993), with Snoop Dogg
Back to pride in our State.
Recalling his first days as a store employee, Dunn recently told a leadership conference that he was not impressed with the retailer. "My first day was dreadful," Dunn said. "I hated it. The store manager asked me, 'How do you like what you're doing?' I said, 'I think this place stinks.'"
Both Ali and a neighbor, Lori Calandra, said Dwayne had been thrown out of the house several times.
Short-term, though, James acknowledges the region is in for some more pain. Commercial real estate developers are fending off high debt loads and high vacancies. Local auto dealers are angling to survive an industry purge.
Town officials told the newspaper they can't afford to give free emergency coverage to colleges. In the report, Little Falls mayor Michael DeFrancisi notes that his town, which is where most of the Montclair University campus is, could take in some $1.8 million under the bill, if approved.
Even the size of the crowd at the National Mall - estimated between 78,000 and 500,000 - was the subject of extensive media debate.
All of this will come together at 11 dining stops in the Polk County attraction. From quick-service to table service, the menus run the gamut from snacks such as funnel cakes to entrees incorporating Asian-fusion.
The Tribune tracked down the real Amilkar Caro, a career criminal who has served jail and penitentiary time for several violent felonies in Maryland and his native Puerto Rico. The real Amilkar Caro's ex-wife told reporters that Caro sold his identity through a middle man at least three times, making $2,000 per sale starting in 1999. She says he told her he provided the middle man with true, certified copies of his birth certificate and Social Security card — then got new documents by claiming that the originals had been lost or stolen.
A group of several women was seen fleeing the area, and other bystanders witnessed the shooting, according to police.
(9) Merino (6-3) at (8) Fowler (8-1), Saturday, 1 p.m.
Dempsey Road, Monday A vehicle was stolen.
She has said some ludicrous things lately, at least by conventional standards. On a conservative radio show, she bonded with the wing nuts on the phony issue about President Barack Obama's place of birth, declaring that "it's a fair question" to wonder whether he was born on American soil. And in a guest newspaper column, she bonded with the global warming denial crowd, insisting that "we can't say with assurance that man's activities cause weather changes."
You also should include a copy of the "qualified domestic-relations order," which can prove your spouse received a share of your retirement accounts.
"It's one of the greatest compliments we'll ever get -- and I think it's great for Cleveland, for another restaurant to get some national attention of this caliber," said Sawyer, taking a break from a whirlwind of events in New York City, where the awards were conferred.
"Oquendo and I have had this talk before about how I should use a bigger glove because I'm a taller guy," Greene explained this past spring. "I don't have to get as low. I'm not exaggerating because I've got a little glove. He said, 'A bigger glove for a bigger person.' It's the 11 ¾ inches (now). I've always used 11 ¼, so got the 11 ¾ last year and was messing with it. I really like it now. The way it's broken in it almost feel like a 11 ½ It doesn't feel like a 11 ¾. It's kind of like that perfect medium. It's a bigger glove, but it feels on my hand – it doesn't feel big."
Q: You didn't have any say in the title?
The seven-time Pro Bowler was a first-round draft pick of the Vikings in 1998 and spent his first seven seasons in the NFL with Minnesota. He was traded to Oakland in 2005 and languished for two years before being revitalized in New England. Moss set an NFL record with 23 touchdown receptions in 2007. But he has said several times this year that he expected 2010 to be his last season with the Patriots because of contractual issues.
He's seeking employees with good math and science skills who can work with their hands. Yet many candidates perceive manufacturing as a dying field. The industry is working with community colleges to offer training and helping high school students build robots that battle in competitions.
The warning, obtained by The Associated Press, was marked for "official use only."
Fagan started his coaching career at Warner Pacific College in 1982 and started conducting youth soccer camps the following year. Fagan formed the Oregon Soccer Academy soccer club in 1997.
As much as the Lakers anticipate Denver to react by pushing the pace and resorting to more drive and kicks, they believe Bynum can still replicate that same presence. Should Denver actually take Steve Blake and Devin Ebanks more seriously on the perimeter, well that just opens the lane for Bynum. Plus, Bynum's already learned all the scouting.
Best seat: Head to the communal bar table facing Masonic Street, or take a seat at one of the window tables.
Earlier this week, Strauss-Kahn, 62, was ordered held without bail on four felony counts and three misdemeanor charges after a maid at the Sofitel hotel in New York accused him of assaulting her. The prosecution announced Thursday that Strauss-Kahn had been formally indicted, but the details of the new charges were not immediately announced.
Procedure: Melt ½ cup butter with chocolate; cool completely. Meanwhile, cream remaining ½ cup of butter with sugar. Add eggs; beat until light and fluffy. Add vanilla, and beat into creamed mixture. Stir in flour, salt and nuts; blend well. Pour batter into greased and floured 9-by-13 pan. Bake 14 minutes at 350 degrees. Cool, cut and serve.
Rutledge said Cates was "a really neat person," one of 600 Wings of Hope volunteers in the St. Louis area and 3,000 worldwide.
"One of the great things about Crissy Field is that you can see all of the stages of life played out here," said Greg Moore, executive director of the Golden Gate National Parks Conservancy, whose father was one of the last military pilots to touch down on the airstrip at Crissy Field.
Before this year, daily capacity at the outdoor park was about 1,500; the addition of Leisure River boosts it to 2,000, Chafin said.
Four college basketball teams arrived in Newark a few days ago with one goal in mind: Earn a trip to the 2011 NCAA Final Four.
The Republican apologists for the machinations of Robert L. Ehrlich, Julius Henson and Mr. Schurick seem to also forget that the vote suppression statute was not enacted until 2005. They either have very little awareness of recent history or hope that a plurality of Marylanders have a shared amnesia.
"With the debt issue settled during President Thein Sein's visit it can be expected that the amount of assistance and yen-denominated loans will increase a lot," said Mr. Hiroe. "But the Myanmar government has high expectations for Japanese companies not just in terms of money. There is a booming demand for Japan's technological expertise and in that regard I think our role will increase quite a bit."
"I have nothing against these people personally. I just think they should pay their fair share of taxes," said Michael Pollack, an office worker in a law firm. He held up a sign with a saying attributed to department store founder Edward Filene, "Why shouldn't the American people take half my money from me? I took all of it from them."
For legendary Indian sitarist Ravi Shankar's 75th birthday, a very special guest was invited onstage to perform with the onetime Beatles cohort.
If you want an example of how that worked, try this. David O. Selznick was the son-in-law of Louis B. Mayer, and he had been a staff producer at MGM before he broke away to be independent in 1935. His major project, working on his own, was "Gone With the Wind." But in putting the film together, he faced great problems: How could he find the money from his small group of partners for a $4-million picture; how could he get it distributed; and how could he resist the overwhelming public belief that Clark Gable was born to play Rhett Butler?
Dr. William J. Brady, state medical examiner at the time, said Waites was stabbed at least 10 times in the chest, neck, arms and hands.
Breivik's extraordinarily well-organized and methodical massacre also undermines the idea that he was suffering from a serious mental illness.
Rather than pursuing such anti-voter measures, Maryland should focus on continuing to make it easier for citizens to vote. In recent years, the state has provided for early voting and online voter registration. Technological advances, however, have made feasible additional reforms, such as same-day voter registration and permanent absentee ballots. If adopted, these reforms would continue to enhance voters' access to the ballot box and move Maryland in the right direction on electoral issues.
Adding offensive numbers for Hazelwood West were Brendan Rowberry and Billy Lacy each with a goal. Nick Ehlers saved five of six shots he faced to earn the victory in goal for Hazelwood West. Matt Dezort scored the goal for Hazelwood Central.
The plan will be presented to the Board of Trustees at a meeting in Long Beach on Tuesday. Chancellor Charles Reed has the authority to shrink enrollment without approval from the board.
The letter states that "The Pennsylvania State Board of Medicine, Summit Health and our local medical community, including your local physician, have all been advised regarding this issue. We truly regret this occurrence and we understand that you may have questions or concerns, which will be addressed individually. Patient safety and excellent clinical care remain out utmost priority."
Buzz was a bit of a buzz-kill at bon vivant Anthony Haden-Guest’s Wednesday night party at Hiro Ballroom. Neither Haden-Guest nor guests, including Vanity Fair writer George Gurley, had yet heard the sad news that fashion scenester Zelda Kaplan had died in the front row of Joanna Mastroianni’s runway show a few hours earlier. After we told them, Haden-Guest, who knew Kaplan through a mutual friend, recalled, “She was very lively and very peppy . . . She lived to the last day, and that’s great.” Gurley, who’d first met the stylish 95-year-old club-hopping Kaplan at Bungalow 8 a few years ago, called her an “inspiration,” saying, “That’s the way she would have wanted it. She wasn’t in a hospital, she wasn’t in a bathtub — she was at a fashion show. A beautiful demise. I bet she died with a smile.”
After two previous sites didn't work out and funding proved elusive, the playground is open and the once-tiny girl, now 15, finally got to test out the facilities. She was given a preview. "I played around on it for about two hours," she said. "I had a ball."
"We know we can count on him to stand up for working people," says Applegate.
But still there is no definitive action in Washington, and the potential result of this inaction, Simpson told me, continues to be frightening.
Of course they'll be back, thanks to Hollywood's obsession with sequels, especially those based on comic book heroes. Their return is guaranteed also because audiences have been eagerly anticipating this first all-hero extravaganza for years. The wait was worth it.
Youngsters today who decide not to go to college often end up working at places such as McDonald’s, but there may be other skilled work that they can do that will help them sustain life or have an opportunity to accomplish their goals, said Trenton Central High principal Marc Maurice.
The band offered a 75-minute set that felt like a quick run-through of material old and new. Not much of its sound has changed - good news for Evanescence's fans and bad news for its detractors.
The favorite in May's Run for the Roses was a late withdrawal because of a mysterious ailment, but Uncle Mo has found new momentum and is the 5-2 favorite to win Saturday's 28th annual $5 million, 1¼-mile Breeders' Cup Classic.
He had a toy gun and holster, a cowboy shirt and a 10-gallon, er, a 10-pint hat.
Batchelder said he would speak to Republican Senate President Tom Niehaus on how to proceed and said one of the bills could move as soon as next week.
After all they've done for us, that's the least we can do to them.
Well, for now, the family has a bit of bird doo on its face and it might teach young Nick a little something about public image when he is representing such a proud family. O'Leary, the No. 3-ranked player in the Sentinel's Florida Top 100, by Bill Buchalter, is a leader, a captain on the team. He should be leading by example, even if at the time it seems like a very difficult thing to do. An outburst such as this on the field could cost his entire team.
And with prices unlikely to fall for some time, there could be wider popular acceptance of fabrics like polyester.
Wheat for July delivery fell 6 cents to finish at $6.095 per bushel, the lowest level since mid-January. July corn rose 5.75 cents to $6.2025 per bushel and soybeans ended up 4.75 cents at $14.7825 per bushel.
Sunday's other big winner was Alexis Tsipras, the 38-year-old leader of the Radical Left Coalition, or Syriza, who saw his party poised for an unprecedented second place with 16.4 percent and 51 seats — the first time in nearly 40 years that any party other than New Democracy or PASOK has held the spot.
Financial problems in Greece could cause additional gas price hikes, Laskoski and Lewis say.
"I'm so done," she said. "You people, you keep your business to yourself, and I'll keep my business to myself. My kids are healthy, they're happy, they've got food."
There are some fine performances in the Lorraine Hansberry Theatre's revival of Pearl Cleage's "Blues for an Alabama Sky," including that of its featured artist, stage and screen star Robert Gossett (currently of TNT's "The Closer"). There's also some unexpected timeliness to Cleage's tale of the waning of the Harlem Renaissance, what with some presidential candidates trying to make birth control a political issue once more.
Referring specifically to the right to bear arms, Romney said: “If we are going to safeguard our 2nd Amendment, it is time to elect a president who will defend the rights President Obama ignores or minimizes. I will.”
But Eddie's team will be a little different. It'll be Gilmour kids, Benedictine kids, some Heights High kids and Ignatius kids. It will be at Forest Hill Park.
Thanks to the America's Cup taking over its space, the tented cabaret Teatro ZinZanni is looking to move from the Embarcadero to the triangle parking lot at the end of Steuart and Howard streets.
The results were a disappointment to the millions of patients who take Vytorin and the thousands of doctors who prescribe it; a blow to its manufacturers, Merck & Co. and Schering-Plough Corp., both of New Jersey; and a surprise to many researchers -- though not all.
Chen's escape comes at a politically sensitive time for the U.S. This week, Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton and Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner head to Beijing for long-planned strategic and economic talks. Assistant Secretary of State Kurt Campbell began a hurried mission to Beijing on Sunday to smooth the way for annual talks involving Clinton and Geithner.
To orient ourselves, we took a three-hour "Local's Life" bicycle tour with La Bicicleta Verde tour company. Best decision ever. We stopped our cruiser bikes at all of the major attractions such as the Central Seafood Market, Plaza de Armas and the Fine Arts Museum, which was badly damaged by last year's 8.8 magnitude earthquake. But Chile's best art exists on the walls of the bohemian Bellavista neighborhood, and we were dazzled by the colorful murals that cover every garage, fence and building. While stopping for mote con huesillos, a popular drink of nectar, dried peach and cooked wheat, our guide Zac - a college dropout from Colorado - offered these insights about Chile:
As his voice drifted into the ether, Don Roberts, 45 and his son, Connor, 15, were wondering how long they would have to wait to get theirs. The two had driven in from New Hope, Pa., but because they had not reserved iPads in advance, they were at the head of a second line outside the store, and would be allowed in only after the line of reserved and pre-paid customers had dissipated.
Yes, when the going gets weird, Johnny Depp gets weirder.
to be the first pick in the 2012 NFL draft.
In September 2008, Westmoreland spoke during a public hearing portion of a city council meeting. He was off duty and not in uniform, but he identified himself as a Bay Village firefighter and an expert in public safety diving.
We balanced that FY ‘10 budget by holding back what spending could be stopped, and averted New Jersey’s cash crisis.
"Spring is more about being assignment-sound first, and then technique and then make plays. Some people get it twisted in that regard. They want to see people making plays, but you can't get to that point until you're assignment-sound.
White salvia: A touch of the rustic for an all-white garden. It has a feathery look.
So for now Lin will watch from the bench and learn and see if any Knick can get the ball to Anthony. We'd say that he might be able to do at least that if he were available. But this is the Heat we're talking about. When LeBron & Co. are all over the floor, they make guys like Jeremy Lin disappear.
They seemed ancient to us but were probably only in their early 60s. And their beautifully furnished home was extremely English in style, with crocheted doilies here and antimacassars there. Each afternoon at 4, Enid sat in her bay window sipping a cup of tea.
“If you want to keep your job, keep your school out of the news, keep winning awards and advance in your career, you need to make your school look better,” said Joseph Hawkins, a former testing official with the Montgomery
This is a conference that needs to stop making excuses and instead make a big push. Increased revenue, increased exposure, some new facilities coming, and a cushy place in an evolving college football landscape all work in the Pac-12's favor. Scott has assured that.
"My hips, legs and shoulders are always bruised," Hahler said. "Even though we're well-padded, it still hurts. I enjoy playing the game. It's very competitive, but it's also a lot of fun."
That monster is gone. New monsters will replace him. But vigilance – not fear – must be the operating mantra.
Hennepin County District Judge William Howard declined on Thursday to issue a temporary restraining order to stop the law from taking effect. He said that it is too soon to decide whether the new law is too vague because no charges have been filed under it and that the court has no evidence involving particular substances.
Sam isn't shy when it comes to recycling. If he visits your home or business and notices you aren't recycling, he will ask you to. In the drive-through lane at McDonald's, he saw customers tossing recyclables into the trash. He sought out the manager.
That's life in the tourney.
Netflix executives John Ciancutti and Todd Yellin are trying to create a video-recommendation system that knows you better than an old friend. It's a critical mission as Netflix faces pressure from its Internet video rivals and subscribers still smarting from recent price hikes.
Dear Dog Lady: My husband and I are dog people. We have two sweeties: mixed breeds abandoned and abused before coming to our home. Because they were abandoned, we don't leave them in kennels -- they usually travel with us. We both work, so to stave off canine boredom and prevent accidents in our house, we use a combination of premium doggie day care and a very reliable dog walker.
Matt Boyd got the win in relief of Wilkerson. Boyd worked 4 2/3 innings, allowing four hits and three runs while walking four and striking out two. He improved to 2-0 this season.
appears to be the current posture. The problem is that such a role does not allow him to remedy what has ailed his pitching during the season's first seven weeks. The proverbial Catch-22. When Franklin initially left the role, the club said it was a temporary measure it hoped to correct within a short time. That pledge is no longer
"We will resume production in the Frade field only when we are completely satisfied we can restart production safely, and when we have obtained the full support of our partners in the Brazilian regulators," Yarrington said.
Amending bail guidelines isn’t easy, and would require action by the Legislature or state Supreme Court, legal experts said.
Yet, some Ohioans are also convinced that it will harm the environment -- 43 percent said the process damages the environment against 15 percent who said it wouldn't. A fairly big group of Ohioans -- 40 percent -- said they simply don't know if fracking will hurt the environment.
"In the wake of the incident in Zanesville, many have come to realize that the current patchwork of federal regulations and disparate state laws on big-cat ownership isn't working," IFAW campaigns manager Paul Todd said.
øApple's iPad and iPhone and Research In Motion's BlackBerry don't represent the same risk, he says. But you should reset your used Apple or RIM device to the original factory settings before it leaves your possession.
The agreement will "make it clear that if the industry isn't willing to make the payments legally required, we will take action, including lawsuits, to compel them to do right by their customers," Chiang said.
America now is divided between those who find this social churning unnerving and those who find it exhilarating. What Virginia Postrel postulated in 1998 in “The Future and Its Enemies: The Growing Conflict Over Creativity, Enterprise and Progress” is even more true now.
“Even if they don’t want to tell us what is going on, they could tell us something is under investigation,” he said. “We get all of our information from the kids."
The nonprofit said it has secured a $100 million venture fund investment for its rehabbing efforts, up to $30 million of which is earmarked for the Baltimore and Atlanta projects. The investor, who has made a five-year commitment, has asked to remain anonymous, Welsh said.
Angel food cake has three primary ingredients - egg whites, sugar and flour. Egg whites and sugar are whipped until they form a thick, airy batter, then flour is gently folded in. Could I make a cake with only one of the key ingredients?
A lot has changed in a year.
He said the corporation still received mail concerning bills and unemployment benefits. "When the school closed down, that did not stop the business of the corporation," he said.
"I could see God's hand in all of this," he said. "When I got out of rehab, my wife and kids were back at home. The church was willing to give me another chance. But I also knew that I couldn't blow it. I had a bad white-knuckle period maybe six months into sobriety, but I haven't had many since."
410 CARLINVILLE RD $85,000
Storr saw Courtnall coming.
US Airways dropped service to dozens of U.S. cities and to Paris, London and Frankfurt. As the cuts mounted, the airline downgraded Pittsburgh in 2004 from a hub to a "focus city." Four years later, Chief Executive Officer Doug Parker was calling Pittsburgh a US Airways "destination."
The 74-year-old Beldini, Neary said, is as an honest businesswoman who had a ceremonial post with no real power.
POSSESSION: On Feb. 12, a 26-year-old resident of the 5000 block of Arch Street, Solon, Ohio, was arrested on the charge of unlawful possession of cannabis.
• Downtown and Southwest Reporter Anne Saker has gathered today's headlines of import there. They include a Portland State University lecture series and a scene inspired by the movie "Up", among others.
I only discovered this when I came home and the jar was sitting on the front porch.
Ramona's Jackson Willeford (Arizona).
The dramatic change in venues — going from the 500-capacity Independent to the 8,500-capacity Bill Graham — was necessary after Gotye's single "Somebody That I Used to Know" unexpectedly caught fire. It's been burning out of control for quite some time, and it shows no sign of cooling off anytime soon.
Employer participation in UMSL's annual spring job and internship fair increased by 12 percent this year, said Teresa Balestreri, director of career services.
Herbert, who grew up near Pittsburgh, said he's not settling with being just on the Olympic team.
According to Zoning Officer Melinda Taylor, along with the old municipal building on West Mill Street, the township owns the adjacent home.
øInvestors are still waiting to get back to the market's high-water mark, despite companies setting all sorts of other financial records. Dividends are back to record levels, along with earnings and cash held by large U.S. companies. Still, the price of stocks have been slow to follow.
Why did I do it? I don't know. One would think I have a certain self-awareness by now. Perhaps not. Perhaps I would misstate my weight on a booking sheet.
Politicians traditionally have hesitated to push for these very visible crackdowns, sensitive to allegations that they're unfairly targeting certain businesses, in some cases picking on immigrant business owners, and making their revenue departments less "taxpayer-friendly." Those arguments just don't wash, though, especially with the state's dire financial situation.
"Papa always exposed me to pretty much anything I wanted to watch," said Evan Kail. "It's finally manifested into something fruitful and not the opposite and turned me into a serial killer. I could be chopping up bodies, but instead I'm writing movies."
Shelby worked with Iacocca when the latter moved to Chrysler, even breathing some respectability into the little Dodge Omni compact via turbocharger and the in-your-face name GLH -- for Goes Like Hell.
How can Davis combat that? Fortunately for Davis, he is stronger than Hibbert and has a lower center of gravity, so it will be key for him to try and deny Hibbert position close to the hoop and push Hibbert off the blocks.
Mr. Karzai said the Strategic Partnership Agreement signed Tuesday evening in Kabul met several of Afghanistan's tough conditions, and highlighted that it forbids the U.S. from attacking other countries from the bases it may retain here after the bulk of foreign troops withdraw in 2014.
And what happens if you don't pay the loan back on time?
Whose questionable decisions have decreased our world power and economic strength? Dunn doesn’t say. He very shrewdly leaves the blank to be filled in by the reader. This is a deplorable tactic used by Republicans. Their Senate leader, Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, gave a battle cry to see the president fail. Nothing else matters to McConnell and his followers.
Kaplan said Ravi is also charged with two additional counts of invasion of privacy for attempting to use the camera to view and transmit another encounter involving the same 18-year-old student on Sept. 21.
When it comes to his style, Rouse said, "I'm open to anything. Basically, it's just the needs of each individual piece. Works that jump willy-nilly from one style to another leave me dizzy. I prefer to integrate (the music), so that it all seems to fit together somehow, not like a bunch of found objects all thrown together."
Stuttgart overcame a 2-0 deficit to Wolfsburg with three goals in six minutes to win 3-2, Bayer Leverkusen won 4-1 at Nuremberg, Borussia Moenchengladbach enjoyed a 3-0 win at Mainz, and Augsburg ended its first Bundesliga season with a 1-0 win over Hamburger SV.
What not to do: Do not overtrain by lifting too much weight or performing too many repetitions or sets of exercises. Do not jerk weighted items quickly
"Underworld: Awakening"
The agent, who represents many NFL stars, also compared Pryor to Cam Newton, the No. 1 pick in this year's draft. Some prognosticators have suggested Pryor may not be worth more than a fourth- or fifth-round pick in the supplemental draft, in which teams would have to forfeit a parallel round choice in the 2012 draft by making a selection. Others have speculated that Pryor may be better served changing positions.
Cleveland is one of the fattest cities in America. So co-owner Alex Shneyder and Staniskis have taken the steps to help change that.
The Indiana-Kentucky all-star series dates to 1940.
Imagine a cocktail hour.
On one night's chocolate trilogy cake ($8), a three-tiered mousse concoction, the massive quantity of creme anglaise seemed unnecessary, but the mousses were luscious and deeply chocolate.
All that supports “a finding that the defendant is gaming the system,” Grove concluded.
Van der Sloot remains the prime suspect in the unsolved 2005 disappearance of Holloway in Aruba. He faces an indictment in the U.S. for allegedly accepting $25,000 in early 2010 in exchange for an unfulfilled promise to lead her mother's lawyer to the body.
Case and Wanecke first met at a Beaverton apartment complex in the 1970s.
23. Johanna Long 87
They were beating the New Orleans Hornets by 31 points.
Fulton Commissioner Bill Edwards, who appointed Johnson in 2006, said he will ask him to resign this week. Edwards is livid that Johnson didn't inform him of the allegations.
... the sound and smell of opening a new can of tennis balls. A hundred bright optic yellow balls covering the green and white courts at tennis camp is one of the prettiest sights of summer!
A: Which, again, is why Saturday might be more than just one game for the Heat. A statement can be made at the outset of these playoffs. Or not.
Though the trip is taking place around the one-year anniversary of the killing of Bin Laden, senior administration officials said the timing owes to the progress in negotiations about the strategic partnership agreement.
In two games against the Beavers, Ross averaged 16 points, 8 rebounds and 2 assists; Gutierrez averaged 22 points, 6 rebounds and 3 assists.
"We had a lively two sessions," assistant coach Amos Magee said. "We had some extra stuff we were going to do, but we felt there was no need based on the output, energy and work the guys put in (Tuesday)."
"Just make better decisions," Afflalo said. "He’s not going to shrink by" Tuesday.
Thursday, he began his own Detroit chapter.
"It really blindsided us," said Jared Leonard, whose Rub BBQ Co. in Rogers Park opened Aug. 4. "It was a shock in one way, but even today I don't think we have nearly the number of barbecue restaurants other major cities have."
Russell said she's sorry that the People Tree will no longer be the promotional symbol of the association.
The service is being promoted on Haitian radio stations, and the service has handled more than 1,000 messages since it began Saturday, said Josh Nesbit, a co-creator. He put together a similar system for hospitals in Malawi, Africa, while at Stanford University.
But ministers also put the pressure on Greece to reach a manageable debt level by bolstering its reform and austerity measures.
Things went smoothly at the new museum with its wider loading dock and state-of-the-art freight elevator. The truck is also equipped with a hydraulic system that jacks the trailer up to the exact height of the unloading area, which saved much angst as the painting was carried off. The painting had made landfall in its new home, propped against a wall ready for hanging in 21/2 hours.
29 Sonora Avenue, $450,000, 03-02-12, 1,750 SF, 5 BR
John McClure
3 TURTLE CREEK VILLAS DR $130,000
"We asked for medical attention. We needed an ambulance," she said. "Instead, the police showed up and they took him out of here like he was a criminal. They took him straight to jail."
That’s right. The heated toilet.
“It was perfect — pulling people up and giving them the tools they need to be successful,” Pierce said.
The top two areas for discretionary spending among Americans are home improvements and travel, according to a new survey of 2,000 Americans for American Express. And, as expected, many say they would use their credit cards to pay those costs.
Southside Johnny & The Asbury Jukes. 9 p.m. House of Blues. $27.50-$30. Four-packs available for $82.
After a two-month investigation, the city council is demanding tighter restrictions. The proposal for the new contract rules has widespread support, council members said.
It was rumored that Harry planned a "British fry-up" breakfast for those still standing at dawn.
The earthquake anniversary commemoration at Lotta's Fountain has been held every April 18 before dawn for years, but McCormick and Silliman had never attended before Tuesday.
"Sorry. I've seen the commercials."
Two weeks ago, Woodson acknowledged that it was his job to try to make the Stoudemire-Anthony marriage a successful one, but that may not be an issue in the future. There is a feeling that the Knicks, specifically Garden chairman James Dolan, will look to trade Stoudemire during the offseason.
Pregnant terrapins often cross roads near the shore to lay eggs on high land.
bleeding gums
<U+200B>Adega Grill
With copious use of interviews and after-action documents, Sorley reports on Westmoreland's disdain for the Vietnamese forces, his feuds with the Marine Corps and Air Force, and his unwavering belief that the war could be won with overwhelming U.S. firepower. He took credit for victories and sidestepped responsibility for defeats.
Although there's no "official" end to the farmers market season, most will close by Nov. 1. (One notable exception is the Tower Grove Farmers Market, which recently announced that it would extend its season through Nov. 6.)
However, any of the replacements will obviously represent a serious downgrade over Suggs, who is the franchise’s all-time leader in sacks (82 1/2 ), sack yardage (610) and forced fumbles (29), is second in fumble recoveries (11) and third in tackles (660).
A few hours after Mozeliak confirmed that Lance Berkman would go on the 15-day disabled list with a calf strain and that Schumaker would join the team in Pittsburgh today, center fielder Jon Jay left the ballpark with his right arm in a sling.
"You know, I look at the show now and I think, 'Thank God I wasn't born a hamster! Because look what we've done.' Of course, maybe in the hamster world they are doing something great, too. But we're not aware of it."
Much of eastern Omaha has been designated a superfund site by the EPA because of the extent of the contamination.
Patrick said the typical online high school student lives in a remote area, was previously home-schooled or involved in an extracurricular activity that is incompatible with traditional schooling.
DK: I appreciate that.
This time of year in Southern California is an embarrassment of citrus riches. We've got so many tangerines, oranges, lemons, grapefruits and tangelos in my neighborhood that it seems impossible to figure out what to do with them all.
After the last frost, I trimmed off most of the dead branches. Sure enough, when it started to warm up, I saw green leaves in the center of all the dead branches I had left. Then, it started to shoot out a lot of long branches with very long needles.
Five friends from West Caldwell set up their tailgate nearly five hours before the game. Whether it’s freezing in December or raining in August, tailgating and football remains their bond. Four are Jets fans, happy that the new stadium no longer includes “Giants” in the name and sorry there are no longer spirals on the sides of the stadium.
You guide everything in wisdom and love.
If the formal Notice of Allegations were sent, then an in-person hearing in front of the committee would occur. Again, the goal of summary disposition is to avoid such a route, but if the cooperative process yields a written list of the accepted violations and proposed penalties that the Committee on Infractions deems unsatisfactory, an expedited hearing would be scheduled.
The long-awaited proposal was thin on specifics about what would replace Fannie and Freddie, which the government took over in 2008, and which have racked up $134 billion in taxpayer losses. Instead, it outlined three options that were designed to frame what promises to be a prolonged and heated political debate over how to structure the nation's $10.6 trillion mortgage market.
Romney has endorsements from 57 of them, according to the AP's latest survey, conducted in the past week after Gingrich's plans to leave the race became public. Paul has one endorsement, while 60 RNC members are holding off on endorsing anyone, even with the race essentially decided. (Two RNC spots won't be filled until June.)
The corruption investigation took off after a Cleveland building inspector was caught taking a bribe in 2006. The inspector then led investigators to Pumper, who helped them build a case against Dimora and Russo.
The crowd of 22,492 at Safeco Field booed Wilhelmsen rather derisively as he walked off the field later on, though that was likely more of a comment on the team’s play of late than on what has been a pretty good season for the pitcher.
The archdiocese says it merely wanted St. Stanislaus to have the same structure as other parishes and that there wasn't a plan to close the church. Plaintiffs allege in the lawsuit that cutting out the archbishop's authority meant St. Stanislaus was no longer Roman Catholic and violated the original bylaws.
The hall's Class of 2010 includes ABBA, Jimmy Cliff, Genesis, the Hollies and the Stooges, as well as record-company executive David Geffen and songwriters Barry Mann and Cynthia Weil, Ellie Greenwich and Jeff Barry, Jesse Stone, Mort Shuman and Otis Blackwell.
It was hard to believe what everyone saw in the first half. Then it vanished, like the flares in the sky.
Despite its monumental run time, "Napoleon" covers only a fraction of its subject's life. It starts with him in 1783 as an intrepid schoolboy leader (played by Vladimir Roudenko) of a snowball fight and ends in 1796, by which time he's become a commanding — in every sense of the word — general (portrayed by Albert Dieudonné) leading France's Army of Italy to victory.
The legislation passed the Senate in June, and was modified significantly before passing the Assembly in January. Christie sent the bill back to the legislature on Jan. 24, saying the original version of the bill was "clearly superior."
Some of the most groundbreaking work is done at Boston University Center for the Study of Traumatic Encephalopathy in conjunction with the nearby VA Center for the Study of Traumatic Encephalopathy Brain Bank, which houses more than 80 brains of athletes and military veterans. Since it was founded in 2008, the center has documented more than 50 cases of chronic traumatic encephalopathy, or CTE.
NEWARK -- A municipal court hearing scheduled for Thursday has been rescheduled for the Rutgers doctoral student from China who authorities say breached security at Newark Liberty International Airport by slipping through a secure area early this month.
Bill Francis, a historian with the Baseball Hall of Fame, said wives are competing with an almost mystical father-son connection.
Blackburn, a seven-year department veteran, pleaded guilty to several drug and burglary charges. He was fired soon after his arrest.
3. Plant a shade tree. There's nothing welcoming about a full blast of Arizona's summer sun. Create sun protection in your front yard by adding shade en route to or near the front door.
He started at Truffles on Friday.
In an interview, Corzine had said "If you were — I’m hypothesizing; I’m not stating anything — if you were going to pay a tuition bill or something over a period of time … you pre-funded it … I could have done that."
The missing Palau officers are Willy Towai and Earl Decherong.
Pharmacy benefit managers, whose clients include larger, self-insured employers and health insurance plans, process hundreds of millions of prescriptions. The two largest pharmacy benefit managers are Medco Health Solutions Inc., which is based in Franklin Lakes, N.J.; and Express Scripts, based in St. Louis.
Eckstut's firm, which did key planning for the popular Battery Park City in New York City and the Baltimore Inner Harbor East, said waterfront plans must start small, focused on spaces that Clevelanders can stroll. He suggested development "right to the water's edge," with tight streets and alleys that afford shelter from cold and wind.
More pictures intended for posting to the Navy Veterans website were snapped at a reception at Phillips' new home on Jan. 15.
A few of the signature spots, such as Greens and Nopa, are detailed in their squares; the following restaurants weren't featured in their respective squares, but they have had an influence that goes well beyond their location.
"...Ad'm has done an excellent job for us."
Temperatures are supposed to be a little cooler today than yesterday, when the heat index hit 116 in mid-afternoon.
Excluding autos, gas stations and restaurants, retail sales rose 1.1 percent in November and December compared with a year ago, according to calculations by the National Retail Federation. That was above the trade group's holiday forecast for a 1 percent drop.
Walker said one component of the garden will include vegetables and/or herbs geared to some of the many international-themed restaurants in the area. Last year, the garden included varieties of greens that ended up on the plates at soul-food restaurant Lynn's Cafe, 3748 Lafayette Road.
Under the deal, the collection would reside part-time in Nashville and part-time in Bentonville, Ark., where the Crystal Bridges Museum is located. The university would receive $30 million as part of the agreement, according to the Tennessean.
7:00 Auto racing: NHRA Southern Nationals (delayed).
The actors are immediately believable, perhaps because they’re cast so rigidly to type (Emily Watson as suffering mother, Peter Mullan as brutal father, David Thewlis as nasty landlord). Best is newcomer Jeremy Irvine, as the boy who will not abandon his best friend.
A Labor and Workforce Development program to find jobs for people with disabilities has seen $4.7 million in reductions over four years — to the point where the budgeted amount is less than it was in 2001, Walsh said.
The only non-sports show in last week's (Oct. 4-10) cable Nielsens? "Jersey Shore," No. 4, with 5.34 million viewers. In the Top 15, assuming you consider "WWE Raw" a sports program, the only non-sports spot went to "SpongeBob SquarePants," the 8:30 a.m. Saturday airing, which had 4.58 million viewers. Here's the rest of the Nielsen list, via the AP, with all times Central:
In an age when massive amounts of complex data can be easily shared via a tweet, YouTube clip or miniaturized URL, it's difficult to fathom a time when communication between computers was painfully slow and unwieldy.
The event is scheduled for Thursday, April 19 from 12 p.m. to 8 p.m..
Another was her recent arena concert tour, a conceptually ambitious production that presented not just a cavalcade of her hits and album tracks to tens of thousands of fans each night, but a show that took them inside the head, heart and imagination of a typical teenage girl, warts and all. (She'll headline a world tour next year that's scheduled to include 85 shows in 18 countries.)
He was a lifelong boxing aficionado, and his nonfiction books include "Loser and Still Champion: Muhammad Ali" (1972), "Sparring With Hemingway: And Other Legends of the Fight Game" (1995), a collection of his essays; and "Ringside: A Treasury of Boxing Reportage" (2006).
"Without hedgerows, this could be Iowa," said Bryson, pointing to a distant hillside where they have been torn out. "It's not just the way they give a pattern to the land. They're an ecosystem all to themselves, a home to hundreds of species of birds and mice and hedgehogs. They're our Great Barrier Reef."
Sephora is about to bring out a limited-edition spring cosmetics line with orange eye makeup—including orange false eyelashes made from feathers. The renaissance of orange extends to many facets of design: The Canyons Resort in Park City, Utah, recently installed a luxury ski lift called the Bubble Express—with heated chairs in eye-popping orange.
The new study confirms a small but growing number of studies suggesting that early-childhood adversity imprints itself in our chromosomes, said Charles Nelson, a professor of pediatrics and neuroscience at Harvard Medical School.
Cintron hopes demographics work in his favor this time. District 3 is one pocket that county reform boosters look at as a chance for a Latino representative. Cintron is Puerto Rican.
Harrington and Asbury both knocked in two runs, and every Vikings starter but one reached base at least once.
At the time of his indictment in 2010, Dimora claimed he was the victim of a conspiracy contrived by the federal government, the Republic Party and The Plain Dealer, and vowed to prove his innocence.
Gillahan invited area residents to tour the exhibit.
The Wheat Ridge senior swapped her track spikes for sneakers, pulled on some sweats and hopped in a car so she could join her soccer teammates in a state semifinal game in Englewood.
But the richness of the curriculum is open to challenge. On a recent Monday, as part of a humanities unit, Harold was reviewing facts about music in the baroque period. The exercise was nothing more than rote memorization: He never actually listened to baroque music, which he pronounced "barrack."
AUGUSTA, Ga. -- Something is missing from the Masters this year, a tradition that ranks with Amen Corner, endless roars on Sunday and the winner's green jacket.
Dessert includes a sundae ($8) with malt ice cream, whipped maple and candied sunflower seeds that looked too interesting to pass up. It was fine, but not nearly as compelling as if it had been made with chocolate or caramel sauce and toasted pecans or walnuts. Still, I'd score one for creativity.
Dr. Gordon Snow, superintendent of Downe Township schools, said that he does not anticipate a budget vote in November, asserting that the anticipated 2012-2013 budget will remain under the cap. The district also has an additional two percent banked.
Gardens based on a one-color-only scheme are chic and straightforward, but I find them just a tad bit quiet and predictable. (Am I the only one who gets bored by endless clumps of Nikko Blue hydrangeas ringing every other house?) An undeniably simple and pretty garden is a pleasure, but is there enough passion in a landscape composed of a single tone?
"They weren't going to be all that competitive in Florida because it's a huge and expensive state to campaign in, and it's being dominated by Romney and, to a lesser extent, Gingrich," he said. "On the other hand, Colorado is not as expensive of a state, ... and it has some core constituents that Paul and Santorum are hoping to activate quickly and inexpensively. The state has both a decent Tea Party movement and libertarian following."
Mayor Bing has talked about achieving that but never acted on it. The City Council has been even more negligent over a longer period of time about providing the basics of a functioning city to Detroiters. Even Tuesday, when members were scheduled to meet about the potential loss of millions in federal money for the poor, five of nine showed up late, and one never showed at all.
He was identified as William L. Calhoun, 72, of Novato.
But that wasn't the end of it. Although Cohen does not disclose the identities of the 1,000 or so people awaiting reanimation, the cafe regulars all knew that the Arizona deep freeze is where baseball legend Ted Williams' head is on ice, awaiting a medical breakthrough.
Postseason success is what the Bobcats hope to consistently achieve with Christian. The investment in basketball also reflects the initiatives put in place last year by MAC commissioner John Steinbrecher -- a program that offers bonuses to schools who elevate the league's profile.
A little more than two years ago, the Twins played their first game in Target Field. They were enjoying their status as one of baseball's model franchises. They looked forward to playing at least the next 30 years in a beautiful downtown ballpark crammed onto an improbably small footprint.
øOCT. 26
Alloro, of New York, said the study idea hit him several years ago when visiting a friend here. Alloro, who has a degree in applied positive psychology from the University of Pennsylvania, detected negative thinking here. "Walking through the streets I immediately had this visceral sense in my body that positive thinking would work here."
ø"There's a shying away from being ostentatious," says architect Sarah Susanka, co-author of Not So BigRemodeling (Taunton Press.) She sees this even among people who have little reason to worry about finances.
Hey, Jeffrey: We'll all know a lot more about Jimenez by the end of the year.
Another part of this area's dining identity is its farm-to-table approach, one personified by Mulvaney's, Magpie, Grange, The Kitchen and many others. We're also a town of casual bistros serving seriously good food <U+0096> Formoli's, Tuli, The Waterboy, Press Bistro, Bistro Michel.
By paying off high-interest debt, DRPA spokesman Tim Ireland noted, “in the first eight months of this year, the pay down should save us $3.2 million in interest.”
Bening was nominated for best actress as a lesbian mom whose family is thrown into turmoil after her teenage children seek out their sperm-donor father in "The Kids Are All Right." Portman was nominated as a ballerina losing her grip on reality in "Black Swan."
Meanwhile, council defeated a second group of amendments put forward by the administration, a package that included a number of recommendations that came straight from city council during a series of line-by-line budget hearings held over the last few months.
The judge said that what Margulies' children needed was their father's love, not a "house decorated like a museum." But Margulies was living lavishly with ill-got funds instead of spending the time with his children, the judge said. Carro described the Industrial Enterprises case as probably the largest and most compelling instance of financial fraud that had ever come before him.
The political experiment comes at an intriguing time.
Arizona has lost two in a row after winning four of five.
Moderator is Almaden resident Dr. Kenneth Entin, professor emeritus of political science at California State University at Stanislaus.
But those were the highlights. Others in the GOP deemed it a Democratic "reelection plan" or an example of a White House that "just doesn't get it." The reaction of die-hard tea party members would be more widely quoted, but a lot of them skipped the speech entirely. Republican candidates for president had the predictable response, which is to say, they'll support the incumbent on any economic policy about the same time the Susquehanna River runs bone-dry.
The other six men were arrested at their homes. They are identified as Matzek, Jonathan Colbeck, 51, of Urbana, Iowa; Brian Colbeck, 47, of Coldwater, Mich.; Ryan Rawls, 31, of Alpharetta, Ga.; Jonathan Dugan, 27, of North Babylon, N.Y. and Charles Bigras, 37, of Melbourne, Fla.
RJ — Fisher 44 pass from Salum (Dunn kick).
Nathan Allen, 9, Boone County
PORT ST. LUCIE, Fla. -- Former first round pick Pete Kozma misplayed a grounder into what could have been two errors in the bottom of the seventh inning. He was credited with only one.
Or the Celtics can continue to fail to take advantage of the opportunities being placed before them by the depleted Hawks. They can extend this series beyond its natural life, and they can even get themselves stunned if they don’t take care of business tonight, allowing Atlanta to retake the homecourt advantage.
According to Minnesota Management and Budget, the maximum term for general obligation bonds is 20 years. The lease with the Vikings would have had to have been 15 years, to make it shorter than the term of the bonds. The team and state have been talking about a lease of at least 30 years.
Justin Beiber's trip to Israel is off to a rocky start -- tentative plans to meet prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu (known as Bibi in Israel) have fallen through, and the 17-year-old is hiding from paparazzi in his hotel room. OK, more like his hotel suite.
"In that game, we didn't see the best of Montreal. They're better than what they showed here," Wilkinson said. "They're going to come in here, knowing they lost the game in the 90th minute. They're going to feel a little hard luck with that result and they're going to try to come in here and make amends for that."
Mr. Sarkozy was elected in 2007 on the promise that he would energize France's economy, shrink its large public sector and halve the unemployment rate to 5%. But when the global financial crisis struck in 2008, Mr. Sarkozy relied on debt to support banks and auto makers and to preserve the country's generous social-welfare system.
The 14-year-old student, whose name was withheld because of his age, was arrested about 9 a.m. in the Samuel E. Shull School on Hall Avenue, Detective Sgt. Denise Sosulski said.
After a rehearsal last week, director Mark Valdez invoked the names of such superstars as J. Lo, Shakira and Salma Hayek and marveled at their success. He also wanted to explain the title and import of Enrique Urueta's play, which is making its regional premiere.
The school will include a fitness lab with Nautilus equipment for health and wellness coursework.
"But then you'd get back to the hotel -- same Holiday Inn that you'd left in Cleveland, in Pittsburgh, in L.A. Everywhere was the same. So you'd just want to hurt it a little bit.
(05-05) 13:35 PDT Columbus, Ohio (AP) --
Appointments the board of directors of the American Heart Association's Greater Orlando Division are Dan Artone of Enterprise Leasing Company of Orlando; Tere Brun, senior vice president and general manager of FIS; Jill S. Schwartz of Jill S. Schwartz & Associates; and Beth Weagraff, senior vice president and assistant administrator of Florida Hospital.
Emack & Bolio's ice cream shop in the Hard Rock Hotel in Orlando, Fla., uses two formulations from ScentAir -- sugar cookies at the top of the stairs and waffle cones at the bottom -- to lure customers to its out-of-the-way basement location. The Hershey's store in Times Square has three ScentAir systems delivering the smell of chocolate that store owners say is naturally inhibited by shrink-wrapped packaging.
It's unclear when that time will come. When asked last week if he would be open to working on a new deal for Revis this offseason, Tannenbaum did not want to discuss it.
The victim, a woman in her 20s, was taken to San Francisco General Hospital, where she was later pronounced dead.
A source said the deal gives Stillman's group an exclusive 75-day window to complete the deal, but another source says the Blues are still allowed to negotiate with any group, including Hulsizer. The gray area may be a case of Stillman needing to trigger his exclusive rights, which is a mere formality.
"But I'd been wanting to come back here for a while," he says, and the opportunity arose when Spencer Koch, general manager of KTVI and KPLR, and Audrey Prywitch, news director of both stations, began talking about a late-afternoon news show.
John Thomas, head of global aviation at LEK Consulting, disagrees. Now that airlines make money off baggage, he says, they can justify spending money to improve tracking technology and handle bags more efficiently.
Does Hansen have the kind of money to buy a NBA team? The Times' Drew DeSilver says Hansen made his money in "the secretive world of hedge funds, where managers can earn fantastic paychecks using arcane investment strategies." Hansen's company, Valiant Capital Management of San Francisco, was estimated to have $2.1 billion in assets.
The Philadelphia-to-Toronto bus was carrying 29 people when Tomaszewski made a wrong turn off a highway and crashed around 2:30 a.m. Sept. 11 on the Onondaga Lakeside Parkway in Salina, a Syracuse suburb.
San Diego County assessor's records show the property was last sold on Sept. 30, 2002, for $3.5 million. Since then, the home has more than doubled in size and gone through an extensive renovation.
2. PINE STATE BISCUITS (3640 S.E. Belmont St., 503-236-3346; 2204 N.E. Alberta St., 503-477-6605; cart at Portland Farmers Market; pinestatebiscuits.com): A fluffy biscuit can be a beautiful thing, and folks flock to this North Carolina-inspired breakfast destination for cream-top buttermilk biscuit goodness. Try one of the biscuit sandwiches, such as the simply delicious egg and cheddar, or the decadent Reggie -- topped with fried chicken, bacon, cheese and rich gravy -- if you don't care about your cholesterol count.
Abraham was energy secretary from 2001 to 2005 under George W. Bush, and before that, a Republican U.S. senator from Michigan, from 1995 to 2001. He is chairman and chief executive of The Abraham Group, which consults with businesses on energy issues.
"You want to get a full day's work out of people, not have them spending half the day polishing their résumés," Greenbaum said.
After all, when American kids were being shot up all over Southeast Asia, Security National Bank in Walnut Creek made the biggest corporate antiwar statement I can remember. Personally, I give him a lifetime pass.
The hard-luck city, which has seen all its major manufacturing operations close, is made up of low-income neighborhoods. Boarded-up, abandoned houses are common. So is drug-dealing on the streets and prostitution. One national survey regularly finds Camden to be one of the most crime-ridden places in the U.S.
Stephanie Kuzydym, Special to The Plain Dealer
He joined New England in 2007 as an offensive assistant, coached the receivers in 2008, worked with the quarterbacks for the next two seasons, and was named offensive coordinator this season. The 2011 Pats finished 13-3 and are the top AFC seed in the postseason.
The president has wrung little reform from Wall Street and the banking industry, even though their reckless and sometimes immoral behavior contributed greatly to the 2008 crisis, and earned them a generous taxpayer-funded bailout nonetheless. Mr. Obama never succeeded in pressuring the banking industry to carry out widespread mortgage adjustment for millions of homeowners slipping into foreclosures, foreclosures that ensured the real estate market has sunk ever lower — and the whole economy with it.
He came to the U.S. on Feb. 9, 1952, claiming to have spent much of World War II in a German prisoner of war camp. He eventually settled in the middle-class Cleveland suburb of Seven Hills and worked as a mechanic at Ford Motor Co.'s engine plant in nearby Brook Park.
COST: $5 per person per night camping fee, plus a $10 application fee.
"People can't get past the initial fear," he said.
Cordova initially said his wife had hit her head on the tub nozzle, but after the emergency responders told him “she still had a pulse but was not breathing and was not conscious,” he “told a completely different story,” Andrisano said.
A source told Us Weekly that the 'Keeping Up With The Kardashians' star and the 'Watch The Throne' rapper - who were friends for many years before they began dating - are more sure than ever about their relationship.
Unfortunately, Fingerhut's opposition also meant the university couldn't take advantage of dirt-cheap interest rates to issue bonds through a federal stimulus program last year. That will add more than $70 million to the borrowing costs, the university says.
Based on conversations with race organizers in other cities, Davidson expects the audience to be 25 percent "gearheads," 25 percent casual racing fans and 50 percent people who are "interested in the spectacle, the whole experience."
Which triggers only one question: Wonder how Joyce would describe a Flogging Molly mosh pit?
She was identified only as a 44-year-old woman.
Bryan Harsin first noticed it when he was recruiting Kellen Moore, a blue binder about 4 inches thick filled with sheets upon sheets of football plays.
The Obama administration has approved new sanctions against Iran over its disputed nuclear enrichment program, specifically targeting the regime's central bank and its ability to sell petroleum abroad, but the stronger penalties have not taken effect. Iran has responded with warnings to American vessels against entering the Strait of Hormuz, the strategic waterway that carries to market much of the oil pumped in the Middle East.
A short-list of the prized memorabilia includes Buddy Holly's signature glasses; the jacket worn by Michael Jackson in the "Beat It" video; Madonna's "Like a Virgin" wedding dress; Jimi Hendrix's custom Gibson Flying V electric guitar; a Braille Playboy magazine signed by Ray Charles; and one of Johnny Cash's handmade guitars.
Zach Guthrie was promoted to managing director for the Orlando office of Modis.
Uninsured and unable to pay for drugs that had been prescribed to her to help prevent a cancer recurrence, Warner said she had avoided the annual screening because she was afraid of what doctors they would find.
They came to honor their mentor, Jim Rose, who developed a graduate program in the early '70s for displaced African American educators in the South.
Voters may understand that candidates can't or won't keep all their promises.
Anger continued to spread online, with commenters vilifying Anthony on social media networks. Nearly 22,000 people "liked" the "I hate Casey Anthony" page on Facebook, which included comments wishing her the same fate that befell Caylee.
"They've done all right there, but they've trailed CVS," he said, adding that CVS has been outperforming Walgreens recently.
Bake for 30 to 40 minutes or until golden brown and center is set. Cool completely. Cut into 36 squares. Store in refrigerator.
"It's not in a populated area," she said.
“It’s a unique situation with Grg,” Crawford said. “I’ve known him since I was 16, so it’s pretty weird to be around him again.”
Q: In October, Adidas America announced it was putting its headquarters on North Greeley Avenue for sale with plans to lease back the space from the buyer. Do you have a buyer? Does the company plan to stay in Portland?
"Unfortunately, terminal charges are due to go up at LAX," McInnis said. "That will affect our ability to offer additional low-fare service out of LAX." Southwest and other airlines are embroiled in a dispute with LAX over the decision to raise rents and fees at terminals.
Ochsner recently applied for a teaching job at a college she wouldn't name "that is known for its inclusivity, but not for conservative Christians. They're inclusive for everything else."
Officers spotted Morales while on patrol in a restaurant at the intersection of Third and Jackson streets around 10:38 p.m. on Thursday. They had been notified previously that there was a warrant out of Jersey City for his arrest, police said.
He wants us to believe giving incentives and tax breaks is not the way to attract business to Florida. In his words, "Smart leaders court venture capitalists, foster entrepreneurship - and basically invest in all of the quality-of-life issues that make their state a place people want to live and work."
The competing budget plans are headed for a House vote Thursday, with conservatives pressing for larger cuts to Medicaid and the agency budgets passed by Congress each year.
"That's the tough way to do it," said Viglasky, who is ranked
98 positions
"No More Walks in the Wood," "Waiting in the Weeds," "No More Cloudy Days," "Love Will Keep Us Alive," "Take It to the Limit," "Long Road Out of Eden," "Somebody," "Walk Away," "One of These Nights," "Life's Been Good," "Dirty Laundry," "Funk #49," "Heartache Tonight," "Life in the Fast Lane"
La Costa Resort & Spa in Carlsbad, Calif., recently finished a $51-million makeover of its 611 guestrooms and suites, then launched a sale on the redone rooms for Memorial Day weekend. The sale, which comes with free breakfast as well as golf and spa credits, is on until Sunday.
"The fact we have a carnival on, the weather is great, and the fact they want to continue their holidays is great for them and great for us," said Srdjana Janosevic, spokeswoman for the Seychelles' president. "It means this potentially tragic situation has a happy ending."
Davis accompanied Garner to the bar, where Garner showed a handgun and demanded Martin's wallet and then shot him, police say, and Roth drove the getaway car.
Every December, the Post-Dispatch compiles a list of some of the best books of the year after quizzing freelance reviewers, polling a few book sellers and considering some of the books chosen by other publications or award committees.
Tomlin's son, Ed Tomlin, did respond to messages left by the Free Press, saying he didn't know what his father's company does, and he declined to help a reporter contact him.
Back in Manchester
A self-described "typical soccer dad," Ralston said he is like most preppers, wanting to provide for his family and community should the worst happen.
“We got out of doing what we do. We started trying to make too many plays,” Giants safety Deon Grant said, adding: “I told the guys at halftime, ‘Muhammad Ali got hit. You’re going to get hit in a fight. He’s still the champ, still the greatest ever.’ ”
236-40 Jefferson St., Newark; (973) 589-4319; nastoicecream.com
HANSEN
Some opened the closet to the open sky where their roof had been; some yelled until other family members pulled the shelves and walls off them. Others never got out.
Campaign talk enjoys special First Amendment protection; the FCC ruled years ago that broadcasters cannot edit political announcements, no matter how offensive they are.
His instincts and toughness are fine, and he plans to continue to get race sharp in Albuquerque for the next few weeks heading into the USA Indoor Championships.
That it's a little unclear which airlines are actually doing these things is part of the story – decisions on destinations are part of the upheaval and consolidation of the airline industry during a time of economic distress. I'll try to explain without going too deep down the regulatory rabbit hole.
“I gotta thank the guys for closing it out early and giving the young guys an opportunity,” Babbitt said. “We didn’t make the most of it, but it was valuable experience for guys like me and Armon and Earl.”
<U+0093>Hi, it's Dr. Lee. Will you open the door for me?<U+0094> she asked the person on the other end.
Regardless of the source, the carnivorous cocktail movement is expanding people's view of drinking. As Thrasher says: "If you drink like you eat, you can have some amazing things happen."
Dean is a police and corrections trainer for the U.S. Department of Defense. He served four tours in Iraq and is currently in Afghanistan.
Musical influences: Muse, Radiohead, Nirvana, Red Hot Chili Peppers.
“That naturally happens with success but I’m talking about a real bonding. That’s what I sense and that’s what I feel.”
"Only scattered marks of a great city remained. The City Hall and its records, the libraries, the courts, and jails, the theaters and restaurants, had vanished," Bronson said. "The heart and guts of one of the world's best loved cities were gone."
Then there was the 14-year-old boy who had been in six schools in the past three years. After staring at the floor with his head in his hands, he declared that he had given up on school.
In the final three months of 2011, “clear signs emerged that U.S. consumers are more confident and that other underpinnings of our economy are either stable or slowly improving,” Don Johnson, vice president of U.S. sales for General Motors Co., said on a Jan. 4 conference call.
The Philadelphia Federal Reserve Bank's business activity index plummeted to minus 30.7 in August, the lowest level since March 2009 when the economy was in recession, from 3.2 in July. A reading below zero indicates a contraction in the region's manufacturing.
twitter.com/juliemore
Even worse, 58% said they would rule out a candidate who has favored a mandate to buy health insurance. And just 7% listed Romney as the candidate who would do the most to halt illegal immigration.
Authorities have charged Moorestown Officer Robert Melia Jr. with cruelty to animals. Authorities say Melia engaged in sex acts involving cows in 2006.
Union Township: 3.3 percent; $77 for home assessed at $306,689
A year after the Pulitzer judges found no entry worthy of the prize for breaking news, The Tuscaloosa News of Alabama won the award for coverage of a deadly tornado. By blending traditional reporting with the use of social media, the newspaper provided real-time updates and helped locate missing people, while producing in-depth print coverage despite a power outage that forced the paper to publish at a plant 50 miles away.
Pujols did hit several balls hard, including a drive that went foul down the left-field line and a liner to short.
Combining the two companies' employees, business operations and technology presents its own risks. Express Scripts will be absorbing a company, Medco, with a larger workforce of about 23,000 employees and similar operations including retail pharmacy, specialty drugs and mail order.
Most Touching Moment: Alaric tells Elena: Taking care of you and Jeremy has been the closest I’ve ever come to the life I’ve always wanted.”
"I used to call what we did garage-band animation," said Seibert, who launched his first online animation channel in 2005. "Now, this is studio-based, quality animation with world-class talent from the heart of Hollywood."
Economists don't see conditions improving dramatically anytime soon, even with Intel's expansion announcement Tuesday and other hiring news.
Analysts expect, on average, earnings of $3.20 per share.
Jail sign-in logs from the Santa Clara County Sheriff's Office obtained by the Bay Area News Group through legal demands to the County Counsel's Office show Lockyer visited Elmwood jail on June 15 and June 22, 2011. Chikhani, 35, of San Jose, was serving a 90-day sentence there after violating terms of his probation for a 2010 methamphetamine conviction.
Ho and Iorio reacted quickly to the complaints about Sweethearts. They turned down the music and limited the crowd. They hired more off-duty Cleveland cops and people to clean up the neighborhood on weekends. And they bought nearby lots to convert into parking.
Jill E. Repella is a Douglas County commissioner.
Brad Richards and Jeff Carter had a goal apiece and Dustin Penner and Dustin Brown each had two assists in a period that was one goal shy of the franchise playoff record of five in 1993 against Vancouver.
As a reward for his loyal customers, Oakes offered free cupcakes to customers on April 19.
It "helps us to know that there are good people in the world — good people who fight against evil," Cox said.
There's no shortage of fine dining in San Antonio, either. When chef Mark Bliss opened a restaurant a few weeks ago at 926 South Presa Street, the name he and the restaurant share proved to be prophetic. A meal at Bliss was, indeed … blissful. My scallops and grits upped the ante on the shrimp-and-grits trend and won hands down. (foodisbliss.com)
He said he suspects many other young artists did as well, and he hopes his court victory this week will eventually benefit them, too.
A DNA study published in 2010 sampled fish in 48 lakes and found hybrid fish as far south as Lake Trafford in Collier County. In Central Florida, hybrids were found in Lake Lawne in Orlando, Lake Harris in Lake County and the St. Johns River system, including Lake Monroe, though the percentages were low, the study said.
The only sign of Wallace, who went from an expansion draft pickup to one of the top small forwards in the league, was an advertisement on a video board with him in a Blazers uniform promoting ticket sales for Friday's game.
She also brought some guests to the party. The roll call included such famous friends as Wilco's Jeff Tweedy, Elvis Costello, Rufus Wainwright and even Bruce Springsteen, who combined with Cash for one of the album's best moments -- the Johnny Cash favorite "Sea of Heartbreak."
Dr. Lee Graber, an orthodontist in Vernon Hills, Ill., and past president of the AAO, would agree. He's had orthodontic patients ranging from 3 to 88 years of age.
Now Patrick and Sondra Appel regularly take 14-hour flights from Beijing, their new home thanks to Chevron, to watch their son pitch. His dad has made six such trips.
TIGARD -- The city of Tigard will get a new mayor next year but how that will happen is up to the sitting council, which means politics are already at play.
Running for president is a brutal and revealing process. In Gingrich’s case, it has reinforced every doubt about his suitability for the nation’s highest office.
I don't know that I have ready answers to some of the challenges presented by this study. But it does give my colleagues and me much to think about during this very religious of weekends.
First, a little question: Does anybody hedge their bets the way a weather forecaster does? Predictions for this winter call for another La Niña, the same cocktail of conditions that delivered last season's epic snowfall.
Line: Huskies by 4 points
Well, it's not to beat Morrison. It's to build name recognition for the fall and establish a positive image before opposition TV seeks to tear down his image.
"Our lines have been jammed for weeks, and I apologize," Landrieu said in interview with The Advocate of Baton Rouge in December. "But no amount of jamming is going to keep me from supporting a good work for Louisiana and the nation."
We visited two game parks where we saw many of the large animals you would expect to see in Africa - hippos, giraffes, and buffalo - and many of the smaller ones - civets, porcupines, jackals. At night we could hear elephants trumpeting and lions roaring along the Zambezi River, and it was not unusual to wake up and see warthogs outside our one-room lodge.
Tolentino’s approach mirrors the way he was taught. “I’m demanding with the students, but they know I’m serious and that the idea is to have fun,” he says.
COLUMBUS, Ohio — An Ohio attorney general's task force on sexual assault evidence testing restarted its work Tuesday in the wake of a mix-up in Cleveland Heights over misplaced evidence tied to suspected serial killer Anthony Sowell.
He claimed that Serbia and its politicians have been "taken over by" criminals, but he provided no details or proof of his allegation. Sunday's vote was rated free and fair by foreign observers.
Landlords came to Tuesday’s council meeting in force to voice their objections to the measure, saying it was an onerous and expensive burden for them to bear.
Fresh economic benchmarks painted a mixed picture of the nation's housing market, reflecting a sector that is inching forward amid fits and starts.
But right now, James needs to clarify exactly what kingdom is to come.
You’re in different places than most of your friends, that’s all. Tell them it’s a little awkward being the only single one there, and having to listen to them talk about kids since you don’t have any and can’t relate. The key word is “awkward.” I’d use it over “boring” because you don’t want to sound like a bitch.
Sometimes Shanthi will lower her ear to be closer to the sound.
They warned in 2010 that these veterans report three times as many aggressive outbursts as the pre-deployment average, and that PTSD may not emerge until 12 months after returning from a tour of duty, when soldiers are often deployed again, leading to cumulative stress. We do not know if the rogue soldier had PTSD, but he was on his fourth deployment.
Now they have more than a half-dozen people, including several classmates, working as part of the Global Grind team. They include Josh Bailor and Trevor Mccullough, who work on graphics; Dustyn Andersen, who is responsible for promoting winter sportswear; and Isiah Morales, who is in charge of the entertainment division. Miquel Cranor, who has done rally racing marketing since before she graduated from high school, is their liaison to the sport of racing specially built but still road-legal cars.
The UFCW has acknowledged the need for lower costs but has said the companies are pushing too far.
I like paperless billing because I don't have to worry about bills ending up in neighbors' mailboxes, misplaced by my family or crumpled in the bottom of my purse.
Much of the discussion at the American Psychiatric Assn. meeting centered on fears that, without solid scientific evidence, additions or deletions in their new bible of mental health could do more harm than good.
But Thomas encourages people to pay by mail or online.
Wagyu beef is just as meticulously presented. The precise rectangle of meat is seared and placed below a small inch-size square of potato gratin, intense with rosemary; a round of braised short rib, moistened tableside with a velvety Cabernet sauce that ties the dish to the wine, and a tight knob of estate-grown chard with a dash of Zinfandel vinegar. In a larger portion some of the seasonings might be too much, but Mallgren knows how to orchestrate the meal so the flavors are perfectly realized.
Since early last week, Williams, who reached the 10,000-yard career rushing plateau in 2011, his only season in Baltimore, had been mulling the decision to walk away from the NFL (again) to explore other interests and focus on his foundation. The 34-year-old acknowledged he could change his mind.
Southwest Airlines said it canceled 39 flights Monday, mostly due to ice and snow on runways and taxiways at Birmingham, Ala.
<U+0093>Ron's legacy is not just introducing a cool product here, but the impact he's had on those villages,<U+0094> Maybee says.
We went shopping along the midtown grid and also closer to downtown. And remember: Monday, the day of the concert, is a holiday, so you've got time to pull your look together.
Where The Streets Have No Name
"That's something that is natural," Jimenez said Monday. "I mean the Indians gave a lot for me. As a player I understand that.
New Jersey Department of Labor spokeswoman Kerri Gatling says there is no bad debt "write-off" in unemployment insurance law.
Hey, Tony: After listening to Mike Holmgren's comments about hiring an offensive coordinator next year but still having Shurmur call the plays, I have to ask: Why would an elite offensive coordinator want to come here if he does not have the ability to call his own plays? Is this something normally done in the NFL? -- Jeffrey Vilk, Madison, Ohio.
He also wants to score as close to 8,000 points as he can to better his chances of making it into the U.S. Olympic Trials, June 21-July 1, at Hayward Field.
THE POLL
More than 100 protesters were hemmed in by police in riot gear. A trash can was blazing on the street.
"You know, if the opportunity comes up, I'll be the first to admit I'm gonna eat my words, because all that matters is that I can take care of my family," she said.
Dodd, who has two more seasons of eligibility, was asked about whether he would transfer, given the uncertainty at his position.
As for which grade to use for which purpose, Fathallan says, "Grade A is perfect for pancakes, desserts and when you want a pure maple taste. You don't need to use Grade A for cooking. It's like wine. You don't use your best wine for cooking, either. Grade B is for cooking and baking only. It has a more intense taste that is good in muffins, breads and on pork chops."
There may be some difference in approach -- Democrats want to spend more of the state's reserves, while Republicans argue to eliminate some state programs.
1991: Kapalua Bay Beach, Maui, Hawaii
The only other way Heckert can do it is trade down out of the top 10 and miss either the best running back in the draft or the top two wide receivers.
Even so, St. Luke's already has received requests for milk from hospitals as far away as South Carolina and New Jersey.
Then there are others with a Buckeye pedigree: Nebraska coach Bo Pelini, who used to be a defensive back at Ohio State; or maybe former NFL coach Jon Gruden, also an Ohio native.
"There is a shadow market out there with a lot of people who want to sell," said Joe Grunnet, broker at the Downtown Resource Group in Minneapolis.
"Research has not found fad diets to be safe, effective and permanent," he says. "Consumers should be highly skeptical as the default."
"Honestly, I don't know if I'll ever buy again," she said.
REMEMBER — IT’S A PARTY
Lampner said it is too early to say how much space would be used for the panels because no design has yet been drawn. He described the project as being in the "very early stages." A number of trees would have to be cut down to put in the solar panels, but he said some of the trees had been damaged during storms in the past year and would have to be cut down anyway.
"He just has a presence about him I think just helps us," Del Negro said. "He's been through it and the guys respect that."
The closeout sale includes handmade cabinets and other fixtures from the Downtown stores. After the inventory and furnishings are sold or removed, the Lafayette Square space will be taken over by the Indiana Juvenile Justice Task Force for its youth programs.
Youngblood only had triple jumped in competition one other time this season.
Proposed DOT rules
"We have several programs that accommodate every issue for students," she said. "It has been my experience that oftentimes students do not take advantage of those programs."
Despite the price, Courtney isn't making enough to quit her day job. She's still working insurance claims, and making the boots in the evenings and on weekends.
At Thogus Products in Avon Lake, machine operators work beside nimble robots in a clean, bright, high-ceilinged plant busy with newcomers. The company hired 50 people in the last year and half, building a youngish, energetic workforce of about 100.
He did not provide details on how the Spanish company would be compensated, but the nationalization decree says the state will negotiate an indemnization fee with Red Electrica.
615 W. Lafayette, Detroit 48226
Tuesday's federal court ruling declaring Proposition 8 unconstitutional can be easily explained: There is no legitimate government interest in prohibiting same-sex marriages. It is for this reason that the Supreme Court is likely to affirm the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals and hold that the denial of marriage equality to gays and lesbians violates the U.S. Constitution.
Since Yost also said he planned to keep Bruce Chen on his regular day, which would be Friday, that would allow Paulino, who pitched Monday in a rehab start at Class AA Northwest Arkansas, to pitch Saturday on regular rest.
While filming "The Man With the Golden Gun," director Guy Hamilton wanted Bond to threaten to break Maud Adams' character's arm during an interrogation. "That sort of characterization didn't sit well with me, but Guy was keen to make my Bond a little more ruthless," he says. "I suggested my Bond would have charmed the information out of her by bedding her first." Oh behave!
Greece will get up to about $135 billion in bailout loans through 2012 from the International Monetary Fund and European governments worried the Greek crisis could damage the euro.
That leaves three genuine swing states — New Mexico, Iowa and New Hampshire — which each party has carried at least once in the last three presidential campaigns. Of those, Romney may have the best shot in New Hampshire, where he owns a home and is well-regarded from his years as governor next door.
It authorized creation of taxpayer-financed schools whose primary purpose is to turn a profit for their owners. And it reduced the oversight authority of the government entity that serves as sponsor of those schools.
Eddie Pleasant SS 5-10, 211 Sixth round
They spend much of their time in class and studying, but they often unwind by playing online video games such as World of Warcraft in the computer lab late at night, when they won't disturb other students.
NEW YORK -- Stocks slumped to a mixed finish Monday as the dollar posted its second day of gains over concerns that Europe is on the edge of another bailout.
"We went into the locker room at halftime and we were pretty quiet," Talianko says. "There probably wasn't anybody in there who didn't think we could do what we would do."
He said two advertisers did call the station with concerns, but both of them decided to stay with the program.
In the Green Division girls race, Eureka freshman Hannah Long set the meet record. Long, in her first high school race, rolled through the course in 18:00.
A: Everybody's working really long hours, so I like to keep my kitchen fun. I will do anything to lighten the mood. So I like to play really ridiculous '80s music when we get ready for service.
Even beings on planet Jupiter know Keith Olbermann’s a big mouth. Someplace on planet Earth some of us sometimes find some of it somehow true somewhat.
A widely watched barometer of consumer confidence barely budged in March after last month hitting the highest level it had been in a year. Americans continued to be upbeat in March despite mixed economic signs. The stock market is up, but gas prices are, too. Unemployment is falling, but home prices also are declining.
Christina Riccetti"The Brothers Size," featuring Bobby Bermea (from left), Damian Thompson and Brian Demar Jones, digs deepest and hits hardest of Tarell Alvin McCraney's "The Brother/Sister Plays."“The Brother/Sister Plays,” the colorful trilogy by acclaimed young dramatist Tarell Alvin McCraney, currently being staged by Portland Playhouse, has a handful of recurring motifs. For instance, each play begins with breath -- sharp, pronounced exhalations -- and song. Each includes references to the heat, the rain, the storms that almost can become shadowy characters in their own right amid the Louisiana bayou setting. And central in some way to each of the three loosely connected stories is the combination, oddly enough, of sleeplessness and dreams.
No accounting for taste, I guess.
"One day yes, one day no, one day yes, one day no," Carter said. "You watch the BBC, you read the different Japanese newspapers online, you read the nuclear disarmament people, Greenpeace, whatever. Different information sources had very different takes.
The raises, according to the city's budget division, will cost $2.6 million for the city's 1,300 police officers. That averages about $2,000 per officer. The average police department employee made about $49,000 in 2011, according to city payroll data.
"Key is supportive of anything that brings jobs to Ohio," said Andrew Redinger, managing director and segment leader of utilities and alternative energy for KeyBanc Capital Markets.
"We're basically pushing the mountain back," said project inspector Melissa Norman. "I'm sure to some people it looks like we're building a skyscraper up here."
The man then allegedly tried to put tape over the girl’s mouth, but she resisted. He then told her he would kill her if she told her parents, according to the affidavit.
23 WESTVIEW DR $325,000
Hey, Tim: Pass the Maalox, please.
Surina was rushed to Denver Health Medical Center, where she was treated for smoke inhalation and later released.
The best lunch dish we tried was the "bbq belly" sandwich ($9), a nod to the Lee brothers' lunch carts. The balance of flavors is spot-on, showcasing a tender chicken thigh topped with delicious soy-caramelized onions and Swiss cheese.
The bread man starts at 6 a.m. yelling "banh mi nong" (hot bread) through the alley. Across and down two doors, a woman chops meat with a hatchet every morning and sells it to neighbors seven days a week, also beginning at 6 a.m. These noises and a rooster make it impossible to sleep in.
Energy demand has dropped in the United States and Europe. And natural gas is the cheapest in 10 years thanks to a production boom in North America. Utilities, which burn coal to generate electricity, are increasingly switching to natural gas generators to take advantage of the low prices.
4 teaspoons olive oil, divided use
But the camp, where English and Russian mixed freely, was about much more than discipline. Classes centered on building character, resisting peer pressure, spiritual growth and leadership. Teens met one-on-one with a counselor and made a plan for life after camp.
"The Brewers' issues are narrow, specific and manageable. If they want this series to return to Miller Park, it pretty much comes down to Game 3 Wednesday night. Simply, Yovani Gallardo must pitch the game of his career. We all know he's 1-7 lifetime against the Cardinals. He has to pitch so well that he cannot count on more than a handful of support runs against Chris Carpenter at home. You know Carpenter is coming back for Game 7 if there is a Game 7, so the Brewers have to get to him now in a game that should have far less scoring than the debacle in the valley Monday night."
In 1999, when the Spartans lost in the Final Four to Duke, a melee broke out in East Lansing which included couch burnings and tarnished the school's image.
The goal is to get the borrower's debt-to-income ratio to 31 percent and loan-to-value ratio under 120 percent, although "they can go as low as 105 percent LTV," says Diane Richardson, the program's director.
The noise from above signaled something strange to nearby Pakistan blogger. The blogger tweeted, "A huge window shaking bang in Abbottabad. I hope it's not the start of something nasty".
Howard is out for the rest of the season with a back problem.
The extravaganza only leaves New York for Cleveland once every three years, so it's a big local deal when its held here. Accordingly, the newspaper always tries to make the coverage special.
The new president will immediately encounter this uneasy balance.
Brad Richards sent a pass from the backboards toward Gaborik, who ended the marathon by sliding the puck between the pads of rookie goaltender Braden Holtby.
"In almost 30 years as an athletic director," Byrne said, "you take a lot of pounding on the job. And I was tired, and I was ready to go. It was time."
Azalea Galaxy, from South Korea, Busan at
The Teen Playwrights Festival at Q Artistry, Asaykwee's company, will showcase three one-act plays written by area high school students. They were chosen from 18 submissions from Central Indiana.
“Our mission to make the music familiar and make sure we have the best compositions we can present,” he says, “The masterworks, the whole canon of the repertoire, plus everything that’s happening today as much as possible.”
Now that the National Park Service has opened a new visitor center above Lands End ("Lands End Lookout gets own rugged look," April 29), isn't it time it cleaned up the mess at Sutro Baths?
awaited tests Thursday on a batch of powdered infant formula that was removed from more than 3,000 stores nationwide after a Missouri newborn who consumed it apparently died from a rare infection.
Maybe they can't see the effects of an auto factory or textile factory shutting down. Maybe they can't fathom the devastation that happens when a company relocates an entire electronics assembly line to another country. Maybe they don't understand that for all the hundreds of thousands of jobs lost, those are communities devastated, workers who can't provide for their families, an entire segment of the population struggling to maintain the economic gains they've made.
Grade-point average: 4.12.
If you don't have the time or space to grow a whole season of fresh vegetables, someone who lives close by is willing and able to provide the incomparable flavor of locally grown food.
The third snapshot of baseball hell is a game that might best be summed up by the man sitting in perhaps the stadium's best seat behind the plate reading a book.
8 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped
Wild Rivers fought eviction to the bitter end, gathering more than 1,000 supporters in a Save Wild Rivers campaign. The Irvine park closed for the last time on Sept. 25 and the lease expired on Oct. 31.
Christie wants to institute a 10 percent across-the-board income tax cut while Assembly Democrats favor a 20 percent tax credit.
"It is already transforming what we do," said Lauren Onkey, vice president of education and public programs. "We are encouraging teachers to use it, and it will expand what we can do for higher education because we plan to offer lectures, conferences and symposiums."
There simply wasn't enough evidence things were headed in the right direction to warrant staying the course. Spagnuolo's defensive scheming was never in question. His game management came under fire at times, however, and the Rams struggled to win when games were close in fourth quarters. The 49ers' ability to fool the Rams with a fake field goal Sunday strengthened the impression that Spagnuolo could not make the difference in close games.
The head of the United Nations said that Syrian President Bashar Assad's continued crackdown on protests has reached an "intolerable stage" and that the U.N. will try to speed up the deployment of up to 300 monitors to Syria. Only 15 are there now.
The consensus contradicted U.S. Sen. Sherrod Brown, a Democrat from Avon, who criticized state leaders earlier this week for failing to match an attractive tax credit package Florida lawmakers put forth to land the NASA contract for a Florida group.
Check back later for updates on James and his 40-time.
The loud booms from the blasts momentarily silenced chirping birds. Red and white flashes could be seen inside the various floors of the multistory building. By about 6:30 a.m., the blasts and shooting had stopped.
The Dow is down 106.18 points, or 0.8 percent.
Guest MC's are Doug Podell and Steve Kostan from WCSX-FM (94.7). Many rock and sports items will be up for auction, including stuff donated by Ted Nugent, Dick Wagner, Ray Goodman, SRC, Alice Cooper, Frijid Pink and more.
The goal: to pay homage to the classic chase in Monday's season finale of "Alcatraz," the action drama that's set in San Francisco but actually hasn't shot here since the pilot.
Serves: 6 (2/3 cup per serving) / Preparation time: 10 minutes / Total time: 40 minutes
Two more Nash 3-pointers gave the Cowboys a 68-65 lead with 2:52 left, and a Page jumper made it 70-64 before a Ratliffe basket ended OSU's 12-2 run.
Game 5 is Tuesday in Chicago.
"It's the everyday things that really strike a nostalgic chord," Cox says.
The 5-foot-5, 140-pound Nimo, a two-time all-state player and a 2007 Parade magazine high school All-American, spurned college scholarship offers from programs including North Carolina and the University of Portland to turn professional.
"In my family, you didn't learn about snakes," he says. "You were born into and absorbed it."
"The first game, I ended up getting seven stitches on my chin. And the next, I ended up getting eight stitches on my eye," Wilkinson said.
<U+0093>One of the main responsibilities of the school board is to ensure that we have the right direction for the district and ... certain allegations have been made that are worthy of this action,<U+0094> said school board President Craig Beytein. He declined to elaborate on the allegations.
Williams and Rovelto went to work on technique. It wasn't a quick fix.
In an attempt to decrease congestion, Peoria Unified School District began using an emergency access road from Deer Valley Road for bus access.
To help in the fight against identity theft, the Camden County Freeholder Board is sponsoring a free shredding day for Camden County residents wanting to destroy documents containing personal information.
BOSTON TOWNSHIP
Erat said the Predators gave the Coyotes too much room to operate in Phoenix.
Hey, Tony: The PD and other Browns coverage have reported the time shift of the Browns-Ravens game, but why? I doubt this game is seen as having marquee status by the NFL schedulers. -- Kevin Ryan, Toledo
It read: "As of June 1, the Green Express service buses will increase their fares. We, the independent drivers, are not. Please do not support the increase."
But minor party advocates say it's a thinly concealed attempt to confuse voters and prop up the two major parties -- that would the more recognizable DEMs and REPs.
Joseph Donohue, ELEC’s deputy executive director, would not comment on any specific PACs.
The singer was drawn into AIDS activism before it even had a name. When her valet contracted the syndrome in the ’80s, she, like thousands of other affected Americans, had no idea what was happening.
Ted Davis, Atlanta: He has been cooking lunch for 500 street people every Saturday for 20 years at the Shrine of the Immaculate Conception.
LAS VEGAS - The owner of a hospital-themed Las Vegas restaurant known for its high-calorie menu says another patron has suffered an apparent medical episode there.
He plans to take advantage startingMonday as the Chiefs resume their offseason conditioning program.
The subpoena resolution was cosponsored by the committee chairman, Assemblyman John Wisniewski (D-Middlesex), an outspoken critic of the Port Authority and of Gov. Chris Christie, who shares control of the bi-state agency with New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo.
As befits the restaurant’s name, there are dynamite desserts at Cinnamon, but don’t forget the rest of the menu. The emphasis here is on northern Indian (Goa, Rajasthan and Punjab) cuisine. The owner is Mahendra Singh, who has run restaurants in Toronto, New York City and Philadelphia. The decor — hardwood floors, orange walls — is stylish without being stuffy. The traditional Indian bread known as naan is often predictable — it seems to be baked in the same central oven — but Cinnamon’s version is thick, chewy and distinctive. The dal makhani is a seductive, buttery blend of lentils, tomatoes, ginger and garlic. One of the better tandoori chickens in New Jersey can be found at Cinnamon. The desserts — the kheer, or cardamom-flavored rice pudding, and the gulab jamun, or warm pastry soaked in honey — are sweet treats.
Meanwhile, tensions were rising in Sanford as townspeople awaited the prosecutor's decision. Someone shot up an unoccupied police car Monday night as it sat outside the neighborhood where Martin was killed. And a demonstration by college students closed the town's police station earlier in the day.
It was a surprise to his department, officials said. Among his other accolades, he was the 2006 winner of the St. Louis Area Police Chiefs Association's Medal of Valor.
May 08, 2012 09:01 PM EDT
State business officials declined to comment on SoloPower's future.
Mrs. Clinton released a statement saying she was pleased "we were able to facilitate Chen Guangcheng's stay and departure from the U.S. embassy in a way that reflected his choices and our values." Exhausted U.S. officials, who had barely slept for a week, described the arrangement as a triumph of diplomacy.
Lugar agreed with Mourdock that overregulation creates real problems and the nation needs more oil drilling and the XL Pipeline.
COLUMBUS, Ohio -- Ohio Senate Republicans continued to massage a collective bargaining proposal in a Statehouse committee, introducing 15 amendments to Senate Bill 5, as public union workers again led a spirited daylong rally outside against the proposal.
Did it have meaning? It's silly to think it didn't. Miami has been playing poorly of late, and if you didn't think the Heat was in need of a victory here, its tenacity should have told you otherwise. If it weren't a big game, LeBron James wouldn't have been playing with extra ferocity.
Bronx: Beyonce is gorgeous, but to say she's the most beautiful woman in the world is crazy. Did the person who came up with that statement go door to door? Catherine Santarpia
<U+0095>17200 block McFadden, family disturbance, 10:28 p.m.
card use. In 2009, auditor Colleen Yoshihara said Mundy hadn't provided receipts on charges for the year prior and spent several months trying to track them down.
General Motors' Lordstown-built Chevrolet Cruze compact car, for example, is selling for about $5,000 more than the Cobalt it replaced. Ford has similar price increases planned for its 2012 Focus, and even Hyundai's new 2011 Elantra is selling for significantly more than the 2010 model.
While Janey had his critics throughout the state, school board members stood firmly in support of him tonight.
City Commissioner Rocky Smith Jr., one of Nicita's allies, said he would not support a dash to the ballot. Voter-approved urban renewal financing "has been talked about for two years in concept but not in detail," Smith said. "I don't see how that discussion can take place in a week. I don't want to rush it."
Kasdan earned a master's degree in education from the University of Michigan and wrote ad copy before his breakthrough, but making movies "is the only thing I've ever wanted to do. It's total fun, and you're surrounded by people who have spent their whole career learning how to pull cable and set a light, do makeup, hair or act. What could be more fun than to be surrounded by that in difficult circumstances?"
Those roads not brined in advance were salted. “Once the brine and salt do their job, we’ll plow if necessary,” he said.
TriMet also plans to fill a recently vacated $60,000-a-year public-information job.
Not just because Acta's outfield Sunday was manned by Michael Brantley, Grady Sizemore and Austin Kearns in a punchless 7-1 loss to Toronto.
MANAGING HIS MATURITY
Have to give it to the self-proclaimed "worldwide leader" because just as you can buy a Rose Bowl ticket or commemorative scarf in Pasadena today, you can apparently buy anything for the right price. The sports-television network has managed to buy exclusive access for a half-billion dollars.
The son of Ohio Hall of Fame horseman Chip Noble, the Wilmington, Ohio horseman may have the edge in December. Noble is racing five nights each week through the end of 2011 at Northfield, which has a few more race programs in December than Yonkers. Brennan's plans include three days off later this month for a Florida trip.
Megrahi's appeal of the murder conviction was denied in 2002, but the Scottish Criminal Cases Review Commission in 2007 referred the case to the Court of Criminal Appeal in Edinburgh after it found he "may have suffered a miscarriage of justice." Those findings have led a number of people in Britain to doubt his guilt.
The announcement ends nearly a month of speculation about James’ future. James said he wrestled with the decision until he finally made up his mind on Thursday.
Despite the sluggish real estate market, Coral and several other Northeast Ohio homebuilders saw sales pick up in 2010 - and they are hopeful about this year.
FIND MORE INFORMATION AT THESE SITES
TRENTON — Gov. Chris Christie, whose pugnacious style and policy victories in the first half of his rookie year made him a hot commodity in the Republican Party, will take his Jersey message on the road this week as he kicks off a month-long national political tour.
"I started jewelry as a hobby, to relax, but soon it's all I wanted to do," Kantis said. She calls her creations "mini-sculptures."
"I've learned a lot from these kids. I would have to say I don't sweat the small stuff anymore," he added. "I look at life differently. It's family and friends and caring for people, rather than constantly worrying about other things like financing and who likes me and who doesn't like me. These kids have taught me it's not about that."
Economists began to wonder: Would growth catch up with hiring? Or would hiring slow to match economic growth as measured by gross domestic product, or GDP?
City officials plan to use money from the recently passed parks bond to buy the property for about $6 million. The mostly wooded area to the north of Summer Creek, which runs east to west through the 73-acre school site, would be converted into a public park.
Both men died at the scene.
As a result, "the bank wouldn't have the support of the holding company if it needs it," said Serino, former deputy general counsel for the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and currently a partner at BuckleySandler LLP in Washington, D.C.
The actress - who was accused of being violent with a member of staff at the rehabilitation clinic in 2010 - is said to have paid off the worker.
4325 NE 22nd Ave ; 2,144 square feet; $538,000
For several consecutive weeks over the summer, Barbara Fraser had brought bar and restaurant owners to Clayton to speak at the regular meetings of the County Council - the same council that Fraser had belonged to when she helped to craft the smoking ban that took effect in January.
Then ask one thing of her in return: that she helps you understand why it's so important to her.
Duerson's family claims the league ignored the possibility that repeated head trauma led to brain damage. Former Dallas Cowboys defensive linemen Randy White and Bob Lilly agree, and last week, they and other former players joined another class-action lawsuit against the NFL on similar grounds.
Lessons were quickly learned. During the all-school debriefing after the game, one student reported that her group managed to complete its task by teaming up with another group.
The fallout from the Japanese disaster was sufficient enough to force evacuation of large swaths of that nation's east coast. And while Iodine 131 has a half-life of about a month -- meaning it wasn't a threat for long unless fish or crustaceans concentrated it much more heavily than was found in the kelp they ate -- the cesium detected so far in lower concentrations lasts much longer and will likely remain in sea life for more than 30 years.
The Internet search company will sell co-branded tablets directly to consumers through an online store like rivals Apple and Amazon.com Inc., according to people familiar with the matter. The move is an effort to turn around sluggish sales of tablet computers powered by Google's Android software.
COLORADO SPRINGS — Mayor Steve Bach, other Colorado Springs officials and members of the city's religious community will gather today on the steps of city hall to participate in the National Day of Prayer.
“I was scared,” Jeff Green said of the sight.
Apple Inc.'s iPad has so far dominated the tablet market. That device starts at $499. Nook Tablet is selling for $249 and Amazon.com's Kindle Fire sells for $199.
Scott Dixon's Honda-powered car suffered right-front and right-side damage after plowing through standing water and hitting the wall.
Gentz's attorney in the visitation matter, Donald Aubrey of Mt. Clemens, could not be reached for comment Friday. He earlier noted that Gentz was innocent until proved guilty and has not been charged in the Bashara case.
"We are still getting information from the company to put into the permit," Ward said. "I'm hesitant to put a final date on it. Late June is premature."
"We put signage in that area and phones on platforms — a last-ditch effort to appeal to someone who may be depressed and inclined to take their own life, to perhaps think about it, pick up a phone and call our hotline number to try and get some help," he said.
"It has been a real sad disappointment...I feel like my heart broke telling my children," Duggar told People earlier. "They have all been so excited about this baby and looking forward to April coming around and having a new little one in our arms."
In February, Grove said he believed Butts was “gaming the system” and ruled that Butts could aid in his own defense.
But honest, they would more than make up the difference by fiddling with deductions.
McAdoo thinks that's a mistake. It doesn't make sense to add service in cities such as Los Angeles, where competition is stiff and American plays second fiddle to bigger carriers.
"Both," said Santana, smiling. "Come on, I'll wait. The day isn't done yet."
A special thanks for Terry McCabe of the Chatham Sports Shop for donating visors and T-shirts.
Dustin Sneed, Brentwood
"I don't think there's anything 'new' in cooking," he adds. "It's a deeper and deeper understanding of how cooking happens that I think many of us seek. That, and really amazingly good flavors."
There was only one problem: A prosecutor cannot legally speak to a defendant without her lawyer's permission.
Mike "Talayna" Faille was one of the classic characters of St. Louis restaurant history, someone who could have been created by Damon Runyon or Hunter S. Thompson or, perhaps most appropriately, Steven Spielberg.
He turned in what he called "sort of not amazing" results in his first two outdoor meets this spring, and on Sunday improved more than four seconds to 3 minutes, 38.86 seconds in the 1,500. "It's progress," he said afterward.
Homeless advocates across Colorado say the camping ban criminalizes homelessness.
The Commerce Department said Friday that wholesale inventories rose 1.8 percent in May, the biggest gain since October. Some of that increase reflected an unwanted buildup of goods because sales declined.
Cameron unfurled the flag – which is not much bigger than a dish towel – drawing cheers from a wonderfully unique group, the legendary Explorers Club.
8 Cub Scout (Osvaldo Macias) 6
This is a franchise that has a history of disappointing moments when it was favored to deliver. Remember the 2004 season finale?
We are not a global conglomerate, so everyone here knows one another. Everyone is dedicated to producing the highest quality, best-tasting ice cream for our customers.
Of course, you can't judge the cuisine of an entire continent by a handful of experiences. My first encounters with Chinese and Mexican food weren't love-at-first-bite either. It was Marcus Samuelsson, the Swedish-Ethiopian über-chef, and his book "The Soul of a New Cuisine" that expanded my mind about Africa.
Elsewhere, the Los Angeles Sparks made Stanford's Nnemkadi Ogwumike the overall No. 1 pick. She played in four Final Fours and averaged 22.5 points and 10.2 rebounds as a senior. Tennessee guard Shekinna Stricklen went second to the Seattle Storm, who will be without three-time MVP Lauren Jackson for the first part of the season because she will stay in Australia to train for the London Olympics.
Lonny Massey, an owner of the Clarkchester Apartments, contended "it's too expensive to develop without TIF, and, in a depressed economy, the city shouldn't pass on this opportunity."
Keir Nuttall on Kate Miller-Heidke's "Politics In Space." He sounds like a cross between the Big Bopper and Doc from the Seven Dwarves.
A: Watch for new growth. It is possible that the branches froze completely and that any new growth will come from the base of the plant. You can scratch the stems with your fingernail to see if there is any green underneath. Some frozen plants are beginning to leaf out; some are slower to do so.
Mutter was honored for her actions to preserve the history of women in the Marines.
The actors project an ease and affinity on screen, and clearly some of that comes from the fact that Donzelli and Elkaïm have ownership of the story: They wrote the screenplay together.
Repealing the helmet law would also raise insurance rates, just as the Legislature is considering reforms to manage unaffordable insurance costs in Michigan.
Jen Brumfield has been chronicling the gull's amazing two-month stay on her blog, northnw.wordpress.com where she warns: "Some days views are distant, and other days, the gull has been seen and photographed point blank from 100 to 400 yards away. Searchers should allow for several hours of searching. This bird is not a quick one-stop shot."
Having trouble deciding between an electric or gasoline car? I have experience with both.
Asked about his physical interaction with children who were not his own, Sandusky said that aspect of the relationships "just happened that way."
Women are at higher risk for severe pneumonia and more prone to bladder infections (which can turn into dangerous kidney infections) during pregnancy. Both of those conditions are treated with antibiotics.
"It's a remarkable change in events," said Paul Patterson, an analyst at Glenrock Associates in New York, adding that EDF, once "so supportive" of Constellation, now is one of the firm's most vocal opponents.
Wholesale prices had moderated in recent months, after rising sharply earlier this year. Fears of a possible recession in the U.S. and slower growth overseas had restrained inflation.
According to the brochure I received, “Holly Hill is a Healthcare Community that combines elegant living with compassionate care. This is a place that looks like a finely appointed home, smells like a home, and sounds like a home. The approach to the care they offer is guided by core Christian values, and the level of care stems from God’s love for us and our love for those entrusted to us.”
“Any prudent person would question why people feel the need to carry a firearm into an establishment – especially one that predominantly serves alcohol,” he said. “Law enforcement is always apprehensive about these laws.”
To us mere and unworthy mortals who watch these games rather than participate in them, making a play out of the corner, in traffic or on the fly, is tantamount to a big-league hitter being able to pick up the spin of a 92-mph cutter out of a pitcher’s hand. There’s wonderment, as in, how do they do that?
Authorities declined to identify the wounded man, but residents on Seaman Street and Richard Rivera of the city-base Latino Leadership Alliance confirmed the man is Rodriguez.
People who earn $1 million or more per year probably would not have paid appreciably more in taxes. Their secretaries certainly wouldn't have paid any less. But their secretaries were supposed to feel better, knowing that the bosses were paying a penalty for being successful enough to employ secretaries.
"So I had the opportunity to screw up the E Street Band."
In the final year before the merger, the scrappy underdog AFL took another one from the NFL. Len Dawson landed MVP by completing 12-17 for 142 yards one touchdown and a pick. It was a different era!
Choo hit .188 (3-for-16) with two homers and four RBI for South Korea. If South Korea had won the title, Choo's government may have waived his two-year military commitment. Among Choo's alternatives are to ask for an extension or to move to the United States. Choo, 27 in July, must serve before he's 30.
If your modified adjusted gross income is more than $185,210 in 2011, the adoption credit is reduced. You cannot take the adoption credit if your modified adjusted gross income is $225,210 or more in 2011. The range is slightly higher for 2012.
Symbolizing the closure of that divide was the seating arrangement in the sun-drenched Rose Garden, with California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger, representing a state in the vanguard of the environmental movement, next to Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm, representing the heart of the belleaguered auto industry. Afterward, Schwarzenegger, a Republican, praised Obama, a Democrat, for the "huge victory" that brought all sides together.
Those results include vast increases in herbicide use that have created impervious weeds now infesting millions of acres of cropland, while decimating other plants, such as milkweeds that sustain the monarch butterflies. Food manufacturers are worried that a new corn made for ethanol could damage an array of packaged food on supermarket shelves.
Perez said he although he never witnessed any bullying, "it was all over Facebook. Everyone was talking about it ... I don’t know who it was, but apparently there was a group of kids terrorizing him."
Hoehn said it did not make sense to place a crosswalk at the entrance of what he called a "bus garage." Lafata said there would always be safety concerns wherever buses were involved, but it was up to faculty and parents to control kids during ball practice and games.
Would Camby retire if Cho traded him?
"They didn't even want to hear about my experience," said Forte. "It didn't make sense. You're always told just go out there and get a job."
"In terms of expanding their distribution reach, this is a huge win for Microsoft," he said.
The Post said Combs was spotted lunching at Soho House in L.A. last week with Todd Phillips, the director and producer of "The Hangover" franchise, raising hopes about Combs possibly appearing in the "The Hangover III," scheduled for next year.
The FARC killed at least 11 soldiers in a mid-March attack in Arauca near the Venezuelan border and the military responded with two precision bombings on rebel camps that killed more than 60 insurgents.
"We'd like to build a network of primarily female, successful business people who our racers can call on for guidance . . . and mentoring," Gaich said.
It fell into disuse with the demise of its care-taking group. New buildings, including the Gateway School and an expansion at Carroll Community College, also altered the trail.
Consider the Grand Canyon your hiking paradise. With miles of caves, plus plenty of wilderness and wildlife, the canyon offers unbelievable hiking trails with wonderment around every bend. From challenging switchbacks to slender bridges, narrow tunnels to cascading waterfalls, there are miles of paths to uncover.
Quality of service: Quick food and wit.
The Syrian soldiers were believed to be firing at rebels who tried to escape to the refugee camp after ambushing a military checkpoint, according to the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, citing a network of sources on the ground.
A: With respect to the Gateway, when we spend dollars on the Ambassador Bridge, when we endeavor projects to improve the Ambassador Bridge, we are trying to improve the asset that we own. When we are playing in the same sandbox with the government and the Highway Department that have their own commercial interests to build a span of their own six blocks down the road and who's on record as saying they would like to take 75% of our business, it shouldn't be hard for anyone to step back from that situation and say, who wants to help the Ambassador Bridge and who wants to muck it up?
LeBron James, Chris Paul, Dwyane Wade and Carmelo Anthony are going home — and bringing friends with them.
But Marisa Olguin, president of the Vernon Chamber of Commerce, said some of the new voters had ties to Newmire.
"We grew up without aunts, uncles, cousins, so having all the family around for us is important," Weiss said. "We've got all of our children, most of our grandchildren here today."
<U+25C6> According to the Nielsen Company, ratings for the 2010 Nationwide Series opener at Daytona were up 33 percent with her in the race from the 2009 ratings.
"The brutal murder of a 9-month-old baby obviously presents a horrific tragedy for the family and the community," she said. "The victim’s family continues to have our deepest sympathy and support."
Under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, those who do not have basic health insurance in 2014 must pay a penalty on their tax return to be filed in April 2015. Under the 19th century law, however, a taxpayer must pay his tax first and sue for a refund later.
Lindenwood is closing in on its third consecutive 20-victory season and is 66-17 since the start of the 2009-10 season.
At one session Saturday, North Clackamas teachers Amanda Blakemore and Stasia Honnold shared nitty-gritty details about how the two of them co-teach seventh-grade English at Rowe Middle School. They teach in a way designed to stretch and support all their students -- a mix of special ed and non-special ed learners. They "orbit," the "parallel teach," they "one teach, one drift" -- and they wouldn't do it any other way, they said.
When Erin didn't make curfew on Feb. 21, the Reynolds knew instantly something was wrong. They reported her missing within an hour. Engweiler was arrested the next day.
But most people accept that zoos are preferred, a coexistence between humans and animals. Without zoos, our penchant to see animals from unrealistic perspectives would thrive.
Since 1972, the UNESCO World Heritage program has kept its own list, now 936 properties strong, of cultural and natural sites important to mankind, most of them in some way endangered or underdeveloped. But along with focusing attention and support on listed properties, inscription spurs visitation, with ill-conceived tourist development often in its path.
Attractions that spanned sections even changed names accordingly: The no-longer-there overhead cable ride was <U+0093>Sky Hi<U+0094> in Americana but <U+0093>Ski Heis<U+0094> by the time you got to Scandinavia.
Arthur brought in one of the first professional interior decorators in the country, Louis Tiffany, who introduced the practice of ordering custom-made furnishings, rather than purchasing department store pieces. His interiors were lush and opulent, glowing with colored glass and the patterned carpeting and wall coverings that were favored in the Victorian Era.
ø"It's a gang. You are part of a gang. You buy a new iPhone, a few months later, another new iPhone comes out, and you get online to buy another one. You can't get enough. You are addicted to Apple. This is crack. You can't shake it. You will stand in line all day to have the first one, because you're addicted."
Mickelson is chasing his fourth green jacket. I was there when he won his first. That day belonged to Mickelson. And the ultimate big moment on Sunday might belong to Mickelson, too. But for most of America, the Woods-watch is going to continue on Sunday. I'm pleased that Woods apologized for his outburst. But it's his humanity that captured us in the first place.
"I've never been so alive in my life," he said for a newspaper story marking the 15th anniversary of the crash.
A lawyer representing Kansas City attorney Richard Buchli said the high court’s decision means prosecutors likely will have to dismiss murder charges against his client.
DETROIT -- Factory workers at Chrysler will get profit-sharing checks of about $1,500 next month as they share in the automaker's improbable turnaround.
Even third-base umpire Dan Bellino joined in the miscue trail. Bellino ruled that Alejandro De Aza offered at a pitch while squaring to bunt Eduardo Escobar to third in the eighth. Not only did Ryan Cook's pitch hit De Aza in the left wrist, replays showed De Aza pulled back.
Amazingly, that number could have been three. During the 1968 expansion draft the New York Yankees left legendary slugger Mickey Mantle unprotected!
Prosecutors say 41-year-old Shapiro of Miami Beach, used a Florida-based company called Capitol Investments, USA, Inc., to raise nearly $900 million from investors who thought they were buying into a wholesale grocery distribution business.
Another member said the group was having problems with neighbors near the warehouse, strengthening the argument to move.
The Droid Bionic, which like the Xoom will be carried by Verizon, is a multi-purpose phone that offers a nice blend of entertainment and productivity tools. The phone's 4.3-inch screen is great for watching streamed videos (via a 4G network) and sorting through spreadsheets.
Green says Avitia was unhappy about the pregnancy.
Paul George and Granger each made a pair of foul shots to cut the lead to 80-77, but the game looked to be over after Granger missed a 3-point try with just under 14 seconds left and Hedo Turkoglu corralled the rebound.
Saturday’s game was a showdown of the Northwest Conference title contenders. Lewis & Clark (7-2, 4-2) would have shared the NWC title and earned the league’s NCAA bid with a win over Linfield.
Exceptional comfort food deserves an encore.
open the Vatterott College ex'treme Institute by Nelly in November. The 9,000-square-foot facility in Laclede's Landing is a school and studio offering courses in recording, engineering and design. Nelly also released his first mixtape, "O.E.M.O."
As Valor grows — remember, it was just a grassy, empty field five years ago — one can only wonder how big and powerful it will become. This scares some.
Large-scale winemaking thrived in the state's central valleys, but many winemakers sought a different environment, with a cooler climate similar to grape-growing regions in Europe. In no time, winemakers in the Santa Cruz Mountains began to produce premium wines, their grapes well-suited to growing on the rolling hills.
Instead of pursuing a master’s degree in social work, Green, 38, enrolled in the Georgia Baptist College of Nursing of Mercer University and graduated in 2003.
4. Pick the frisée into small bundles discarding most of the white. Cut skin-on pears into very thin rounds; set aside.
"Crystal gets online before she gets a shower and checks her grades," Brian Byrd said. "Who knows? They could print that stuff off there and take it home with them."
Hey, Tim: MLB started full-blown testing for steroids in 2004. That means Hafner played just 114 games in his big-league career without being tested. In those 114 games, he hit 15 home runs. Does that sound like Jose Canseco or Mark McGwire to you?
On the men's side, Tope lists four Kenyans as the favorites in a wide-open field -- Julius Kiptoo, who won here in 2006, Aron Rono, Richard Kandie and Festus Langat.
Tillie, senior opposite Carson Clark and senior outside hitter Kevin Carroll powered Irvine to an easy third-game victory and then keyed an early run that gave the Anteaters a 5-0 lead in the fourth.
Because it reminds them of the first time. In some ways, remakes are like covers of greatest hits. You know the tunes, but the people playing and singing them are different. It's enough to pull you in, and if they're done well, they will offer something new you didn't get with the originals.
"She kept herself very busy reaching out to the voting membership and tried to make sure as many people as possible, especially those who were voting in that category, knew about her work," Freimuth said. "All of that is perfectly legitimate as far as our process goes."
Ireland said Tannehill was a factor in the team's offseason plans at quarterback, which featured the Dolphins making a strong push for Peyton Manning, and a lukewarm effort to sign Matt Flynn, who ended up in Seattle.
“For information, call Bridgeton Main Street Association at (856) 453-8130 or Pam Baglio, South Jersey Healthcare, (856) 641-8389.
Facebook also provided detail showing just how much the selling shareholders would haul in from the IPO. Founder Mark Zuckerberg is planning to sell 71.1 million shares, or nearly 7% of his holdings, Gaskins says. The stock being sold would be worth $2.2 billion based on the midpoint of the proposed range.
Down in timber country, Douglas County Commissioner Doug Robertson calls the proposal to shoot barred owls an example of "dysfunctional" forest policy. Counties like his depend economically on federal timber, which Robertson says is managed to benefit a species that can't be recovered.
After leaving McCloud, and considering locations in Washington, Nestlé has landed in Cascade Locks, throwing the Columbia River Gorge town into the middle of bottled-water politics.
Matt Dillon of Sitka & Spruce in Seattle
Investigators have ruled out mechanical failure.
Scholar wrote of Coleridge's plagiarism
Koskinski appeared to be en route to a huge performance. She thought so. Lananna thought so.
Districts usually don’t have many layoffs unless there’s a significant decline in enrollment, Baker said. And normally, non-tenured employees who are not renewed are replaced by other people. But this time, at least 85 percent of districts are cutting teaching positions, according to the New Jersey School Boards Association.
The shooting marks the second recent killing of a U.S. Marine in Helmand by an Afghan soldier. Lance Cpl. Edward Dycus was shot in the head by an Afghan soldier in Helmand's Marja district while on guard duty on Jan. 31 and died the next day.
The three-member panel that filed the disciplinary request also charged Nickitas with having a conflict of interest and not obtaining proper consent to represent a client.
A catcher by trade, Kennedy, 18, played practically everywhere in the infield this summer, except catcher until Friday. Friday's 12-1 loss to the Meramec Valley Travelers was Kennedy's first time behind the plate since the winter.
With Intralot’s contract needing renewal this summer and its work on a monitoring system not yet done because of the former lawsuit, GTECH asked the state to reopen bidding.
McCafferty contends the indictment should spell out the questions she is accused of lying about, her answers and the "objective truth" at issue.
Ben Bishop off to good start, has made a couple of good saves early Still no score with 14 mninutes to play. B.J., Crombeen takes a high-sticking minor.
"I wanted to do everything I could to avoid surgery," Matthews said. "I talked to three doctors and the last one introduced the PRP injection. When I heard about the PRP, I said, 'All right, let's try it.'"
Dalembert, in his 9th NBA season, said much of his success comes from studying film of players. When he knows he will go against an elite scorer, he says he will study that player specifically instead of focusing just on the entire opponent’s roster.
Of course, pharmaceutical companies are more likely to promote newer drugs for rosacea -- some that might be effective, some that might not be, while there's little or no incentive for them to push inexpensive beta blockers.
According to Kirstin Bohn of Chasan Leyner & Lamparello, the firm representing the city in the matter, committee lawyer Howard Moskowitz submitted a consent order seeking withdrawal of the appeal, which the city accepted. It was the last hurrah for Moskowitz, who said he will no longer be representing the committee.
Sponges are a must. So are soft bristle brushes, rubber gloves and a squeegee.
The grains also contain starch, a key ingredient. Starch gels when water and heat hit it, which is what gives all these porridges their hearty texture.
The initial programs Kean would offer include finance, accounting, international business, English and information technology, according to the agreement between Kean and Wenzhou.
Although he had his failings as a politician, Shelley saw the political significance of controlling money that could be doled out to widows and orphans, and undoubtedly would have handed plenty of it out. Bowen doesn't have the same sensibilities.
Jack Lightsey did not transfer from Orlando Dr. Phillips to Seffner Armwood for a better situation in which to play football. The easy situation for Lightsey would have been to return to DP and reclaim his starting spot on the Panthers O-line.
Nasto’s Olde World Desserts
Ron Jaworski previously held the record for consecutive starts by a quarterback, but Favre passed him in 1999.
About 25 evacuees spent Monday night at a shelter set up at Conifer High School. Some chose to spend the night in their vehicles in the school's parking lot to be with their pets.
Accessibility: Accessible, though snug.
øAnd in a couple of other milestones …
Jobs spoke of his desire to make "a dent in the universe," bringing a messianic intensity to his message that technology was a tool to improve human life and unleash creativity.
During the first six months of the year, the company brought in net income of $214 million, up 9.7 percent from $195,302 in the year ago period. Sales increased by $210 million, or 6 percent, to $3.7 billion.
The EPA said today it welcomed the review.
Biggest battle: No one will concede what seems obvious — that Colter will start, Siemian will get a chance in pass-favorable situations and Oliver will be the team's No. 3.
That motion eventually was denied. In September another judge granted a prosecution motion to move the case to Common Pleas Court for a jury trial. But by then, McDermott noted in her ruling, the case was already 340 days past the trial-deadline date.
"Happythankyoumoreplease" is less mopey and downbeat than TV star Zach Braff's "Garden State." But it succeeds in many of the same sweet ways and is similar enough to warrant labeling Radnor "Zach Braff: The Next Generation."
Meanwhile, KSCO, a talk station out of Santa Cruz (at 1080 AM), welcomed all the KGO hosts to go on its air; several made appearances and Wattenburg did a week of morning drive. "The owner's asked me to do a regular show," he told me, adding that he'd heard from 16 stations "hungry to have the kind of nighttime talk radio that I did. ... I'll probably end up doing a syndicated show on weekends." Taliaferro said he'd been contacted by three stations, adding, "I'm weighing my options." Gross did some fill-in work for syndicated talk host Michael Smirconish late last month.
Gidley said he can "understand how the Romney campaign is out there trying to marginalize the victory. I can understand he doesn't want that narrative out there, but it's a big win for our campaign and we're really excited about it."
Quick quiz: Do you know what it is? I didn't think so. It's quail. And that's one of Brioza's signature dishes on the very short menu. The bird is deep-fried ($8/$16), with a mottled, rough exterior that brings out the richness of the meat, and it's counterbalanced by tart, almost puckery onions stewed in lemon and rosemary, tangled on the bottom of the plate.
Since 2000, only one red light camera in the county has been vandalized.
Then, on March 26, the couple went to the police station and made a written report.
øDawson understands that he will be criticized no matter what he does against Hopkins.
One is "Lunch with the Impressionists," a four-hour session for adults that includes an exhibition tour and art lesson.
"This can happen when someone else who may have been associated with the account, such as a spouse or co-signer, passes away," Griffin said. "The statement only applies to that account."
Buick is continuing its challenge of creating its own vehicle segment -- "approachable luxury" -- by introducing another industry pioneer: the 2013 Buick Encore crossover.
Lance Strickland, who played her suitor, said, "The war affected everybody, not just the people in history books, but even the slaves."
In Lake County, Kirtland resident Sue Steigerwald got a bill this month for $457.63 to pay for 4,671 kWh of power. A year ago, the Illuminating Co. charged her $315.24 for 5,374 kWh. -- 45 percent less money for 15 percent more power.
"Let me take a look at the satellite tracker. I'm here with all of the experts; they've got all this special equipment. Wait a second, I see a flashing light -- I see one, and it looks like -- yep, yep, the light is Santa. They're closing in on it, and they see his sleigh. There are nine reindeer pulling it, and it looks like it's full of toys. He's over the country of Lithuania right now. Wow, he's all the way in Lithuania. But he's moving pretty fast -- lightning speed. But this super-special equipment here can track him at any speed; they can track missiles and satellites, and they can track Santa as well.''
"We don't consider ourselves 'fine dining.' We're 'fun dining,' " Kelly says. "That's the way people like to eat today. So we're making this a place with a more casual feel."
What's more, biotechnology's products can have "the exact same chemical molecules" as those made from fossil fuels, Winters said.
If the Cardinals missed on any of their seven draft selections last week, it won't be because they didn't see enough of them on tape.
LOS ANGELES -- Movie and TV studio Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. is buying Summit Entertainment, the maker of the teen smash hit "Twilight" series, for $412.5 million in cash and stock. The deal announced Friday brings together two studios hoping to create a Hollywood powerhouse focused on young adult audiences.
The result is a 45-minute play about the struggles of Sudan’s people. It opens with a monologue performed by Maya Caulfield, who plays Ebele, a Sudanese girl and the protagonist: “The heat does not care. It does not care if you are helpless and poor. In Sudan, many are poor — All you can do is fight for a better life; hoping that the next day will be better.”
Tuesday's tunnel is the first discovered in Arizona since the fiscal year started on Oct. 1, said Mario Escalante, a spokesman for the Border Patrol in Tucson. Through August of the last fiscal year, 12 tunnels were found, compared with seven in the entire previous year, he said.
"They are on our board, no question about it," Holiday Bowl spokesman Mark Neville said Monday.
Register reader and Take Five regular Keri Scofield Lawson of Brea has a "problem" many a foodie could only wish for: an "overabundance of lemons." So many, in fact, that she is always looking for ways to use them.
CARACAS, Venezuela -- General Motors Corp.'s Venezuela affiliate temporarily shuttered a local assembly plant on Friday, suspending all car production in Venezuela and boosting fears that the closure could further slow sputtering economic growth.
The proposal comes as Romney is battling a surging Rick Santorum with key primaries taking place Tuesday in Michigan and Arizona, the site of a debate Wednesday evening. Santorum's rise has prompted a focus on social issues, away from the economic difficulties that Romney, a former corporate chief, has staked his campaign on fixing.
While he has yet to lay out his educational priorities for CPS, Brizard said his philosophies are aligned with many of the same reform measures promoted by Emanuel during the campaign: boosting student performance, creating a robust "portfolio" of school choices, including charters, and improving safety in and around schools.
For more information, call 408.257.7160.
Mortgage West Gallery, 1705 S. Pearl St., Denver
There is mutual interest, too, although everyone involved is keeping things close to the vest.
The court rejected the officer's claim that he was the unwitting victim of a conspiracy and that he had picked up the letter as a favor for an acquaintance.
In 2010, the ablation complication rate at hospitals nationwide was 1 percent to 3 percent.
In comparing the two, Shurmur might have had a worse year than McCoy and McCoy's is ending with a concussion.
It is not known if Cherry Creek had interviewed any other candidates than Logan. The job was posted for three days and closed Friday.
Once upon a time, your only choice for dinner would have been the revered Columbia Restaurant, with its flamenco dancers, stately waiters and, uh, leisurely pace. Now, if you don't want to spend an entire evening dining (even if it is an amazing experience), you have far more options to enjoy a good meal. For quick, filling and delicious Cuban food, you can't go wrong with Carmine's. For delicious upscale Italian, book a reservation at Bernini and revel in its unique location in an old bank building (that also once served as home to a retro antique store). More Italian? La Terrazza Ristorante is an upscale retreat from the street. Acropolis offers Greek dining, while over at the Tampa Bay Brewing Co. in Centro Ybor, you can count on great bar food (their beer-dipped onion rings are awesome)and sample its locally brewed beer. Across the street is Samurai Blue, an upscale restaurant with 30-foot ceilings and killer sushi. Those too busy? Try Fresh Mouth or Centro Cantina in the complex, or find the Spaghetti Warehouse, an Ybor survivor of the early days that is housed in a small shopping complex called Ybor Square (whose distinct red neon sign is visible from the interstate). If you need late-night filler after a night of partying, don't miss Mema's Alaska Tacos, which serves its trademark dish early into the next morning. New York, New York, which serves piping hot pizza at late hours, is great to satiate that post-club hunger on the way back to your vehicle.
But Gallagher's attorney, Jim Jenkins, disagreed. He said Mohammad introduced Ma to Gallagher and brought up the idea of kickbacks.
"I don't think teachers need to be fearful about value-added," Bethel said. "They'll get more credit for what they're doing."
As usual, the region's ceremonies will feature a wide range of speakers and honorary degree recipients. Among the biggest names on the speaking circuit will be actor Val Kilmer, journalist Cokie Roberts, cartoonist Mike Peters and Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon. Honorary degrees will go to pioneering feminist Gloria Steinem, former Harris-Stowe State University President Henry Givens and U.S. Ambassador to Egypt Anne Patterson.
This new edition is timed for the anniversary -- as are cratefuls of works. Life, National Geographic and CBS News have all published image-drenched books. Granta Magazine casts a global net, commissioning new pieces from Nicole Krauss, Anthony Shadid and Ahmed Errachidi, who spent five years as an inmate in Guantanamo Bay.
"It (the storm) made a grinding type of noise for about 15 or 20 seconds, and then everything settled back down as if nothing had happened," he said.
Sam Jordan's Bar lives on, with many longtime devotees, including Charlie Genratt, a bartender from the early years (pictured above) still stopping in. Should you wander to the back, past the 49ers memorabilia and banquettes, Jordan's House of Ribs serves succulent barbecue from a kitchen window - a perfect stop for a snack along the AT&T-Candlestick Park axis, and a mouthwatering tribute to the slaughterhouses that once filled this part of town.
Half of the county's summoned jurors still have no qualms about standing up Superior Court judges, despite nearly 30,000 threatening letters mailed.
First round bye -- No. 1 Menlo (21-0) No. 2 Bellarmine College Prep (17-4); No. 3 Monta Vista (16-1); No. 4 Archbishop Mitty (14-6); No. 5 Stevenson (11-1) No. 6 Saratoga (13-6); No. 7 Serra (15-3); No. 8 Los Altos (13-5).
At its peak, the factories employed thousands. Now, all but one of the 20 factories and buildings in the industrial valley have been closed and torn down, driving residents from his neighborhoods. City officials are thinking about bulldozing large swaths of the city. Taylor's is one of the state's emptiest neighborhoods, with nearly one in three homes vacant.
That summer, a Hagerstown Community College coach found out that Womack was back in Baltimore and called to see if he wanted to try out for the team. Womack headed to Western Maryland and promptly earned a spot on the JUCO powerhouse’s roster.
Shealy said he was impressed with "the loyalty shown by Hinshaw" during 23 years as an assistant under Hatfield, which included stops at Air Force (1983), Arkansas (1984-89), Clemson (1990-93) and Rice (1994-2005). At the four schools, Hinshaw was part of four conference championships and 10 bowl appearances.
"We are producing record levels of natural gas," said Fadel Gheit, a senior oil and gas analyst with Oppenheimer & Co. in New York. Gheit expects the trend to continue, because the industry has mastered horizontal drilling deep underground. That means the wells don't just go down, but also out thousands of feet through the gas-rich shale.
"The deterioration in the U.K. economic environment, particularly in the first half of 2009, created an extremely challenging operating background against which to integrate two large banking organizations," Tookey said.
The room, a bit bigger than 6-feet square, is part of a large complex of Mayan ruins in the rain forest at Xultun in northeastern Guatemala. The walls also contain portraits of a seated king and some other figures, but it's clear those have no connection to the astronomical writings, the scientists said.
He added that if all the CETP inhibitors and two closely watched drugs being developed to slow progression of Alzheimer's disease also fail, "investor patients could again be tested."
Tyler, the recreation chief, said the city would collaborate with the groups to fix the centers.
Michael Rupp then had a chance from the right side with almost 6 1/2 minutes gone in the second overtime, but the shot hit teammate Brian Boyle instead.
Mr. Diana's idea of an improvement is an anodized, spice-less neoclassical building in red brick with garroted roofs and a grassy plaza near the street.
Call 616-516-2224 or go to www.noviantiquesmarket.com. Admission is $10 and includes parking and one appraisal of an antique item. The cost to enter the pinup girl contest is $25, which includes vintage hairstyling and makeup.
But others contend that the African-centered approach is too narrowly focused on one racial group.
Nearly all of the 72 people arrested during this week's protests over funding for higher education at the state Capitol have been released, the California Highway Patrol said Tuesday.
With a shiver, we headed to African Hall, part of the Kimball Natural History Museum. Amid the 16 haunting dioramas of mighty jungle beasts is a display of white-throated savannah monitors, a welcome sign of life. A colony of African penguins lives at the end of African Hall, and visitors watch the lively birds through a window that is 26 feet wide and 16 feet tall. "Remember," quipped the docent giving a talk, "African penguins can swim 15 miles per hour, and Michael Phelps can only swim 5."
Newark Airport’s Terminal B will have a total of 12 passenger screening lanes when construction of all sections of the terminal are completed in March. Given the recommendations that full-body scanners be placed at every other lane, that would mean the airport would install six scanners at a total cost of nearly $1 million.
As for the discovered items, the bones and pottery will stay buried at the site. Blanchette said crews will work around the remains.
c.c. Mike Holmgren
But Messner misses providing patients with continuous care.
Despite the large amount of people, it was a quiet scene, the sound of the wind and crashing waves most predominant.
Perrier-Jouet Grand Brut, Epernay, Champagne, France ($17-$21) - The famous and very Valentine-friendly "Flower Bottle" holds a Champagne that is light ring gold. The aroma has a touch of white-cake batter and a touch of yeast; nice and balanced. The taste has good concentration of fruit and a pleasant tartness, and the aromatics are reflected (which is good!). 90 points.
Babbitt is at 45.7 percent (42 for 92) behind the arc. The league leader is New York's Steve Novak at .471 (130 for 276), with the Knicks finishing the regular season at Charlotte tonight. Portland's franchise record for a season is 48.1 percent (39 for 81), set by Kiki Vandeweghe in 1986-87, when the qualifying criteria were different.
Earlier today, state lottery officials urged New Jerseyans to take their chances on a ticket after the jackpot reached $290 million. The top prize gets trimmed to a still-hefty $205.5 million for players who choose the cash option.
It’s been nearly two years since the legendary coach had his track teams expunged, but today he is leading the mighty U.S. men at the IAAF World Indoor Track and Field Championships in Turkey — just the latest proof that he is held in greater esteem by the international community than by the bean counters in South Orange.
The diminutive Hasay worked the large women's lead pack perfectly to put herself in position to take a chance at an individual national title.
Deputies had walked a police dog through the area about half an hour before the officers arrived with Lane.
“The VA was telling me that they were being seen within two weeks, but the investigation that we put in place has shown that many of them are waiting 50, 60, 70 days,” Murray said.
He'll be a head coach again, somewhere, and who knows, maybe it will even be back at Ohio State after Meyer's time is done. He could stay on the Ohio State staff as an assistant when Meyer is announced as the new boss.
3220 Tennyson Square, $134,900
øVovkovinskiy said his life changed when the series of surgeries started. That forced him to spend three years on bed rest, during which time his muscles weakened and he gained weight.
The man was shot by the officer at least once in the upper torso and was taken to Maryland Shock Trauma Center, Shanahan said.
The Royals said all the right things a year ago.
"It's not in our best interest," she said, "to share our legal strategy to adversaries who are working to obstruct the process."
The lackluster performance was expected and was a reflection of the warm winter conditions that gripped regions of the world that usual are cold, Columbia chief executive Tim Boyle said in a statement. Continued economic weakness in Europe also played a part, he said.
Mike will store the medal in a safety deposit box from now on, he says. Wyden's office bought a new case to replace the old one. Mike appreciates the gesture.
O'Neill had been to the Derby once before. Pennsylvania-bred Great Hunter finished 13th in 2007. Stablemate Liquidity finished 14th.
- Costume Contest (2-4 p.m.) coordinated by the Human Services Department (professional photos available)
The subject of causation and medication, treated somewhat didactically in the play when not laced with humor, forms the nucleus of ADHD's dramatic component. With finger-pointing, accusations, denial and emotional distress pooled in one situation, it's small wonder playwrights gravitate to it like moths to light.
"Irene could track as far west as Pennsylvania or far enough offshore that it wouldn't affect any of us," Anthony Gigi, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Mount Holly, said Wednesday afternoon. "It's too early to tell."
Supporters wasted no time leaping to defend the law, saying they believe there is middle ground.
Another contingent of officers stood guard on the plaza outside the bank and denied the group entrance.
Instead of tax breaks that often require choosing winners and losers, Snyder won a lower overall business tax.
"Pretty much any time you see something local on 'Family Guy,' it's fun," said Christopher Martin, whose work cataloging the show's Rhode Island connections would eventually lead to the tour. The event Saturday is put on by the Blackstone Valley Tourism Council - 30 people have signed up, shelling out $49 apiece - and is now in its second year.
The original wood paneling is a favorite recent find. Another: an elaborate mural on the ceiling above the concession stand that previously was hidden by dingy white tiles. Though the paint is badly faded and the theater interior is dark, a geometric pattern can be discerned consisting of parallel lines, large scrolls and a center medallion.
Aproning. A test to check the density of boiling sap.
However, Browning declined to undo a $30,000 settlement because the plaintiff's lawyer failed to meet the court's "high standards" for proving fraud. The railroad said it had been reluctant to settle the "frivolous" case, noting that the victim never held a job and was allegedly under the influence of cocaine and alcohol at the time of the crash.
As a young woman, Ms. Wang gave up her dreams of becoming a figure skater and set her sights on fashion, working as an editor and stylist at Vogue for 16 years before moving to Polo Ralph Lauren Corp.
Pistole pledged to require more training of screeners and to investigate the Nov. 7 incident as Sawyer and his wife prepared to board a flight to Orlando, Fla., for a vacation, Sawyer said. He's a retired special education teacher at DeWitt High School near Lansing, Mich.
Brown made the comments on a San Francisco radio show while promoting his hoped-for November ballot initiative. The measure would temporarily raise the sales tax and levies on incomes of more than $250,000.
The agency deported 392,862 people in the past fiscal year, up from 291,060 in fiscal 2007, according to Homeland Security.
Second, he fits the bill of a playmaker that guard Steve Nash has expressed a desire to see the Suns add to their roster.
<U+0093>We see a direct link between them and the girls,<U+0094> he said, declining to go into specifics.
Dunne, who has remade the SPC program from cellar dweller to championship contender in his five-year tenure, has been winless against the Fairfield University Staggs, until Sunday in the semifinal round of the MAAC Tournament.
The simple two-bedroom Nordhoff Street house sits on a large corner lot set off from the busy street by a chain-link fence. The yard is dotted with cactus plants and features a well-tended courtyard of pea gravel. Next door is a small day care center and down the street is Rincon Taurino, one of the Valley's busiest fast-food Mexican eateries.
Yet there are plenty of advantages to a smaller resort such as this.
An aerial photo of the land taken about 50 years ago gives a strikingly similar view to the property today, said Howard Morrison. He is one of several family members involved in guiding the master plan for the 3,000-acre Morrison Ranch, which will include Elliot Groves.
The UO pay raises have complicated salary negotiations on some of the seven state campuses, giving faculty leverage to demand more money and putting pressure on administrators to deliver it.
Just like traditional public schools, charter schools rely on state money to operate. But they receive no state or local funding specifically for buildings and renovations. So every dollar spent on construction or leases is diverted from instruction.
From LAX, Air New Zealand offers connecting service (change of planes) and direct flights (stopover, no change of plane). Qantas and Virgin Australia offer connecting flights. Restricted round-trip fares begin at $1,328.
In The New York Times, Jon Caramanica wrote of Campbell: <U+0093>Once a purveyor of highly successful country crossover hits that shone with slickness and confidence, he's in deteriorating form now, ragged even at his best. There were fragments of his old smooth croon at points during this show. Mostly he showed decay, though that managed to make <U+0091>Wichita Lineman' seem a song about holding on to life by the barest of margins and made <U+0091>Rhinestone Cowboy' almost defiant.<U+0094>
More recently, the Environmental Protection Agency's authority to regulate greenhouse gas emissions has come under attack in Congress. And though President Barack Obama in March called for a one-third reduction in U.S. oil imports by 2025, he offered few specifics on how the country would achieve that goal.
Walk into Du Kuh Bee, a tiny joint on the edge of old downtown Beaverton, whose small sign is easy to miss, and go past the refrigerator, a pile of Korean newspapers and a couple of tables separated by rickety Shoji screens. Take one of four stools at the counter, order the house special handmade noodles and watch Frank Fong go to work.
Similarly, in deciding that JLWOP is unconstitutional for non-homicide offenders, the U.S. Supreme Court, in Graham vs. Florida, found that juvenile offenders who did not kill or intend to kill have "diminished moral culpability" and must be provided the opportunity to prove that they are deserving of release: "based on demonstrated maturity and rehabilitation."
425 Bay Shore Drive
"We know you're a politician. Where are you going next?" the man asked.
For a president on a roll following a big health care win, Wednesday's drilling declaration was both aggressive and pragmatic. Even with a push for cleaner energy sources and efficient cars -- and with promises of protection for ecosystems and coastal tourism -- the nation still needs more oil, Obama said.
train transportation from London to Paris through the Chunnel. Tours and upgrades can be added at extra cost.
A testicular biopsy is usually the next step.
Meanwhile, the lender continues to pay for its earlier mortgage operations. Wells Fargo was one of five banks that participated in the $25 billion mortgage servicing and foreclosure settlement with the federal government and state attorneys general announced in February.
After Maureen Webster's son reportedly drowned last year at a resort in Cancun, Mexico, the Boston woman created the Web site www.mexicovacationawareness.com as a forum for people to share their travel experiences. She said she wants to inform others about Mexico's rules and legal system.
I received an email last week from Craig Silverman, who writes the great <U+0093>Regret the Error<U+0094> blog at RegretTheError.com for the Poynter Institute, a nonprofit media studies center in Florida. His question to me and other editors and ombudsmen types: What corrections from your publication stand out as significant or memorable this year?
For a complete list of currently open and upcoming tenants at The District, visit www.ocregister.com/legacy.
In another case, Alexander allegedly committed a serious legal error. It started with a routine meth bust.
That's almost a half-billion dollars in lost funding. The city's annual budget is $4 billion.
The agency posted a loss of $5.1 billion for the year ended Sept. 30 as the volume of first-class mail continued to plunge and as it covered healthcare benefits for retirees.
H: Handshake: Don't underestimate the power of a good handshake. When you meet with prospective employers or interviews, offer a firm handshake. It may seem corny but you're showing confidence and initiative. Don't offer the limp hand when someone extends his or her hand to you. Be assertive and professional. People remember bad handshakes.
"I'm anxious to see the measurements," Treloar said. "That's one that is concrete and real and no gray areas. I'm anxious to see that and have a chance to talk to some of these guys."
I spoke at length with the girl's family, and I don't believe they thought the inserted text was intentional. I can also say I've never seen any other evidence of immature goofing around with copy in The Star's sports department. People are too busy for that kind of thing <U+0097> and again, it was correct in the version that printed first. But it was definitely one of the more unfortunate errors I can recall in my years on the job. I sent the family a nice full-color printout of the page with the proper text as a keepsake.
Notes from Ohio State coach Jim Tressel today:
3 cups peeled tomatoes (fresh or canned)
12. Save money by the mile.
Ozma's book discusses how the reading streak changed their lives. She's working to spread the word about reading and the importance of making a reading promise, Terence said.
"The idea is to have lawyers moving across state borders with greater ease," said Erica Moeser, president of the National Conference of Bar Examiners. "That's a huge benefit to new law graduates in these economically uncertain times."
<U+0093>I asked the team, <U+0091>Did he get a penalty?<U+0092> and they said no,<U+0094> he said. <U+0093>I couldn<U+0092>t believe it because I literally stopped for him as he left the pit, and I just knew that would happen.<U+0094>
Cleveland will seek its eighth win in 10 games Tuesday night by continuing its recent mastery of the Royals, who are coming off the worst homestand in franchise history.
After 15 minutes or so, the experimental video ended and then an employee of the theater chain, red blazer and all, came out and stood in the aisle and said that he was very sorry and he was going to fix the problem and that the show would start "on cue."
But the extent of Apple secrecy didn't become clear until Jobs revealed in 2004 that he had been diagnosed with -- and "cured" of -- a rare form of operable pancreatic cancer called an islet cell neuroendocrine tumor. The company had sat on the news of his diagnosis for nine months while Jobs tried trumping the disease with a special diet, Fortune magazine reported in 2008.
Families reported that they sacrificed more last year for college. Three in four families reported cutting spending, and half increased work hours or earnings to help pay for college. Forty-three percent of families reported their students lived at home while in college to save money.
But Wednesday mornings bring out a different mentality among the women, especially the early session. (A second group convenes at 7:30 a.m., and a third arrives at 9 a.m.). Every week, decked out with headlamps and gloves and running shoes with glow-in-the-dark heels, they conquer the dormant volcano, chugging up its staircases, dropping for push-ups when they reach level ground, shouting encouragement to one another as the light breaks over the city below.
“If you can’t stop somebody from putting their heads down and getting layups, you’re not going to be very successful,” Rice said. “We weren’t tonight.”
Fulgham's church had recently talked about tearing down one of its buildings and replacing it.
In October, they moved to Wilsonville to be near Julie's family and were happy to learn the city was starting its own chapter.
"Les and I have been on a remarkable journey together for more than 52 years. That this passage has come to an unexpected ...
Maes has $19,786 in the bank and has yet to reserve and pay for TV advertising time or hire a campaign manager.
Favorite movie: "Shawshank Redemption" because it has a good balance of action and amazing acting.
Sen. Jeff Merkley, D-Ore., has urged the Treasury Department and the Department of Housing and Urban Development to launch their own investigations.
The solution?
"We are beginning to look (now) at job candidates in some areas," Yovanovich said.
Pediatricians fed up with parents who refuse to vaccinate their children out of concern it can cause autism or other problems increasingly are "firing" such families from their practices, raising questions about a doctor's responsibility to these patients.
"There is not now in the Delta, or in the state of California as a whole, sufficient quantities of water to satisfy all wants for it, at all times, everywhere," Vaux said.
“It’s not an easy place to get to if you’re going to any one of the major cities: Beijing, Shanghai. It’s definitely off the beaten track,” said Kristin Romey, an archeologist with the exhibit.
1: Trade out of the Top 20 to take Alex Mack's successor. If this happens and you're in position at a nearby sports bar to order a double shot of amnesia, please use a designated driver.
Then, she fainted from exhaustion, hit her head on a desk, broke her cheekbone and cut her right eye.
1 cup snipped Italian flat leaf parsley
A levy for Willoughby-Eastlake schools, rated "excellent" by state officials and serving 8,729 students, failed in November. District officials said they would likely face state takeover if the 10-year, 4.99-mill levy didn't pass this time around. It did.
We're guessing he still has some nightmares from the 152 yards and three touchdowns Fitzgerald put on the Eagles in the 2008 NFC championship game, a 32-25 Cardinals victory that sent the Big Red to the Super Bowl.
Unknown at this point is whether that means Santorum will fight for Romney, the inevitable Republican nominee, or take leave of the race and promote causes instead of a candidate.
Lohan, perpetually on probation in connection with two DUIs from 2007, could face up to three years in state prison if convicted, TMZ.com reports. She pleaded not guilty and posted $20,000 bail for the theft charge, plus another $20,000 for the possible probation violation, although the judge warned her that if she steps out of line again, he will put her in jail without bail. "You need to follow the laws just like everyone else," Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Keith Schwartz told her. "So please don’t push your luck."
The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 3.56 points, or 0.3 percent, to 1,304.03. Nine of its 10 company groups fell. Financial companies had the largest fall of any group, dropping 0.9 percent.
TransCanada is moving ahead with the reapplication even though the Nebraska government hasn't officially approved a reroute yet.That approval is required under a state law passed last month. A TransCanada spokesman said the company feels there is general support from the governor's office and most of the state legislature for TransCanada's reroute plans, which the company has said are focused on a 100-mile reroute around the Sand Hills and the aquifer. Nebraska's Republican governor, David Heineman, and both of the state's U.S. Senators haven't taken a position on the new route, but they have pressed for a decision.
Mr. Boehner was notified Thursday morning of Mr. Cantor's decision to leave the talks. The speaker said later he understood Mr. Cantor's frustrations, and that he stood willing to engage in talks with the president. "I would expect to hear from him," Mr. Boehner said.
The FTC's privacy framework, which builds upon Obama's proposed Consumer Privacy Bill of Rights, calls on businesses to disclose how they collect and use personal data, while providing consumers with simpler tools for protecting that information. The report also said Congress should push through privacy legislation codifying these principles, though few expect that to happen in an election year.
He was the first PGA Tour rookie to ever be picked for the Ryder Cup in Wales two years ago, and while it wasn't his best week, he showed his promise in singles when he won the last four holes against Edoardo Molinari to earn a half-point, which nearly was enough to give the Americans a win.
Leo: July 23 - Aug. 22
"That gets a little tiring," Haley admits. "It's a lot more fun with a team."
Savko moved with his wife to a ranch in Arroyo Grande in the '80s and bought race horses. The couple lived most recently in Thousand Oaks.
This packaging amounts to an expedient eclipse of his own theme. Figures from the book's opening all but disappear from consideration, as if unsuitable for discussion of free will. And so the largest hole in this book is the size of our slums and waddling suburbias, where it's easier to buy a pint of scotch than fresh fruit or where candy is always child-level at the checkout.
"We all support having an environment where these cyber threats can't happen," he said. But he fears some proactive efforts -- such as shutting down a computer network that crooks have infiltrated -- might harm others who legitimately use the same network.
Kyron's stepmother, who snapped the ubiquitous photo of the second-grader wearing a CSI shirt and beaming a sweet smile beside his science fair exhibit, remains at her rural Northwest Portland home isolated, as family distances themselves, and investigators feverishly focus on her.
Likewise, the Kristen Marie Mitchell Bill, addressing dating violence as a bullying issue, died in committee.
Never Grow Old
Romney is weaker when it comes to likely caucus-goers who identify strongly with the tea party movement. Those voters backed Gingrich over Romney, 37% to 27%, followed by Santorum (20%) and Paul (9%).
Jason Hancock of the Post-Dispatch contributed to this report.
Coast Guard crews used boats to evacuate recreational fishermen and duck hunters from the island.
As many citizens of Gladstone may have seen, a flyer for the opportunity to vote on "capitol" projects was provided by Save Gladstone. It provides a short list of misinformation that is easy to address:
Wackermann insists the self-help tome is not primarily a publishing story. He said it incorporates lessons he learned from his mother while growing up in Port Jefferson,, as well as friends in other industries including accounting.
Leyland said Young could enter Friday night's game, the opener of a three-game home series against the Chicago White Sox.
In romance news, Nick Jonas, 19, and his 27-year-old Australian pop star girlfriend Delta Goodrem have gone their separate ways, People.com reports, and rumors swirled that Rihanna and Chris Brown, who recently reunited in the recording studio, are collaborating elsewhere indoors. Producer The-Dream tells the New York Daily News: “For me, it’s just music — two talented people doing a record together, doing two records together, and that’s what it was,” he said. “It wasn’t about an incident that happened. The true thing really is to forgive, and ... you want to believe in people.”
"I think it's going to work," said Gary Hill, executive director of the Metropolitan Business & Citizens Association and a leader in the city's gay community.
"It kind of greases the skids for Jazz Fest and all the other music festivals," said Ron Ondechek Jr. of Denver, who called himself an avid fan of the city's festivals. "There's lots of art, lots of people, lots of music. It's just a great place to relax."
An expert in local pension funding said taking profits out of an underfunded system would create bigger costs down the line.
Darvish, who turned pro at 18, pitched in the 2008 Beijing Olympics and was a member of the Japanese team that won the 2009 World Baseball Classic. The right-hander has superb control and throws seven effective pitches.
But the movement lost traction earlier this decade when Mesa found itself dealing with one financial crisis after another. Former Mayor Keno Hawker also espoused Libertarian policies, saying property owners alone should decide if historic buildings are saved.
Defense attorney David Bryant called Owens' death a "an unfortunate accident for the entire family."
The Pew study also finds New Jersey third among the states with the largest share of illegal immigrants in the work force, behind Texas and California, with illegal immigrants constituting about 8.6 percent of the Garden State's work force. Immigrants represent a higher percentage of working age people than the general population, the study said.
Upon seeing this, the suspect dropped the purse and sprinted across the street, dodging traffic. But Hernandez stayed in pursuit, and another firefighter joined him. Soon the man dropped to the sidewalk, surrendered, and police took him into custody. The victim, a tourist from Canada, was overjoyed to have her handbag back. "I didn't really think about it at the time," Hernandez said of his response. "I just reacted."
The documents, which date from September 2006 to April 2011, were declassified by U.S. intelligence officials and posted by scholars at the U.S. Military Academy at West Point. As part of the declassification process, intelligence officials would have withheld any documents that they felt could inflame anti-American sentiment — another reason the documents offer a largely sanitized version.
Susan Hansen, a Molalla resident, testified that the actual depiction makes little difference.
In college, my buddies and I took pride in getting the most beer possible into our glasses. We'd heckle any bartender who filled the top inch or two with foam.
They also and asked U.S. District Judge Sara Lioi for the legal definitions of interstate commerce and foreign commerce -- both of which are elements of the racketeteering charges, which both Dimora and co-defendant, Michael Gabor are charged with.
For example, in 2009, St. Louis police began to be more consistent with the FBI's crime-counting rule when it came to larcenies - the city's largest crime category. The rule says car break-ins should be reported as one crime even if multiple vehicles are involved on the same block or parking lot at the same time.
All the way to the Supreme Court,
The designer formerly known as AlissiaMT (now going by by AMT) created these Champagne glasses as part of her Inside Out collection, which also includes a martini glass and liqueur glass. Not only do these flutes look funky by utilizing the "negative space" of the glass' interior, but the extra layer between the air and the bubbly should keep drinks cooler longer.
"We were not explicit enough with these young men," Smith said. "They felt those items were theirs, that they owned them and they had the right to do what they wanted to with them."
Last June, Schwerdt told The Oregonian that he'd used marijuana and other medications for debilitating back and knee pain that sometimes prevented him from walking. Washington County denied him a concealed handgun renewal, but he fought it. In 2005, Circuit Judge Marco Hernandez ruled in his favor.
øCigarroa said he met by teleconference with local and federal law enforcement and city leaders and they assured him they can provide proper security.
1952: The Kentucky Derby was televised nationally for the first time on CBS; the winner was Hill Gail. 1960: The Harvey Schmidt-Tom Jones musical "The Fantasticks" began a nearly 42-year run at New York's Sullivan Street Playhouse.
The first movement's storms and flashes of joy received urgent consideration, if with less passion than the music demands. Perlman shaded the contemplative phrases of the slow movement with angelic tenderness, and he and De Silva were crisp trading the scherzo's lilting lines. But the finale was far short of the suspense that can make this Beethovenian inspiration such fervent experience.
Sometimes, when the ticker said a pitch had been called a strike, Graney would say, "Look out, Pinky. Here comes a foul ball." Then he would slap the desk to make it sound as though a ball hit the pressbox. "That was a close one, Pinky," Graney would say.
Most of us get health insurance through our jobs, a system puzzling to the rest of the industrial world, where the government levies taxes and offers health coverage to all as a basic right of modern society. But for many Americans, their way feels alien — the heavy hand of government reaching into our business as some bureaucrat tells doctors and patients what to do.
Phillips recorded her fourth RBI in the fifth, a groundout that scored Sara Goodrum.
"I think all 3 of us should test drive her just to make sure she's OK..." wrote Paul Bunton, president of BCA Architects. "You know, we have to look after our clients."
TRENTON — Gov. Chris Christie's deep cuts to state school aid last year left New Jersey's schools unable to provide a "thorough and efficient" education to the state's nearly 1.4 million school children, a Superior Court judge found today.
Consumers should keep in mind that venue makes a difference to your wallet, says Christopher Parks, founder of change:healthcare, a company that is working to make prices more transparent to consumers. A few rules of thumb: Surgery, imaging and lab tests are generally less expensive at freestanding centers than in the hospital. Sport and camp physicals at walk-in medical clinics are much cheaper than in the doctor's office.
The three-day workshop, open to veterans of all wars and branches of service, will be held at Rutgers-Newark from April 19-21. It will be the Combat Paper Project’s 30th workshop.
It may be as much fun as playing games, chatting and posting pictures on Facebook, but LinkedIn has steadily grown since it started in 2003 and it's now adding about a million accounts a week.
The full House is scheduled to vote today on a bill allowing Oregonians who have concealed weapons permits to keep their names private. The bill has bipartisan support. But, even if it survives the House, the bill is D.O.A. in the Senate Judiciary Committee.
Vander Lans and his family were not injured. But as they watched, falling bricks struck and killed a man.
Investigators with the commission's safety arm learned last year that there was a video camera in the Brentwood control center, aimed at a circle of desks where system controllers sat. It was not equipped with audio.
The Glassboro Marketplace will offer local produce, specialty food items, wine, crafts and live entertainment from noon to 4 p.m. and will also host the borough's annual Green Fair. Ample free parking is available.
$326,000 IN CASH
This study sends an important message to policymakers that young firms need extra support in the early years of formation so they can grow into viable job creators. Sometimes a single barrier, such as limited access to credit for business growth, can mean the difference between survival and failure. We must create an environment that aids firm formation and growth if we are going to turn employment around.
"I grew up in Fountain," Jeanette McClellan said.
A limit of two gift cards per person will apply, but there is no restriction on the amount of firearms that can be surrendered, Bocchini said. Old weapons, inoperable guns, long rifles and revolvers all will be accepted during the buyback, and bearers will not have to present ID.
7 p.m. Utah at San Antonio, TNT
Scott reached the South Pole in January 1912 - beaten by Norway's Roald Amundsen, who got there a month earlier. Scott died with four companions on the way back.
"Follies emerged through the age of enlightenment where everything needed to be understood and cataloged," he added. "There had to be a counterpart and follies were the response."
"Cause you're not only refueling from the game you just played," he says, "You're preparing for the next event."
Kimpton property on South Beach -- Kimpton Hotels & Restaurants opened its newest oceanfront hotel, the Surfcomber Miami, on South Beach in December. Following a renovation of this 186-room South Beach classic. Resort features in the heart of the Art Deco District include 200 feet of oceanfront, outdoor deck surrounded by cabanas, and a diverse mix of dining options, including a Southeast Asian street fair inspired restaurant concept. As with other Kimpton hotels, Surfcomber is also pet-friendly, welcoming four-legged guests and providing them with their own services and amenities upon registration at no extra cost, including VIP (Very Important Pet) amenity, pet bowl and pet bed. For guests traveling alone, Kimpton's Guppy Love Program at Surfcomber offers guests the chance to request a live goldfish to stay overnight in their room, fed and cared for by the hotel staff. Grand opening rates start at $149 and $199 depending on dates of stay through Jan. 31. Blackout dates apply. Booking code is GRAND. Visit www.surfcomber.com.
It has been a tough battle for supporters, who had to work under the shadow of the Portland Public Schools' $548 million bond.
Speaking of that stuff, the spring nor'easter is winding down today and moving north into Canada, leaving behind as much as 2 feet of snow, and thousands of power outages.
Oregon is one of only two states in the nation without a plan for the future of its water supply.
Adams might be the centerpiece of the Rangers bullpen. He was dominant in his 75 appearances last season, working in plenty of high leverage situations. Nathan, 37, has an established track record of closing out games. He looks better now that he's two years removed from Tommy John Surgery that cost him all of the 2010 season.
Those are only two reasons the firm was named No. 1 Top Workplace in its category two years in a row and received the Leadership Award both years.
"This is not a light switch operation," Timoney said in a conference call with reporters. "It’s a phased-in approach. Even though we’ve plugged some numbers into the model, those are not the definite numbers on day one."
Other bills on the agenda would allow adoptive parents to refuse visitation from birth parents during the period from when the parents' rights are terminated to when the adoption is finalized. Another bill would speed the adoption process for relatives of a child in foster care.
You can make healthy choices to reduce your risk of developing AMD.
Allen won the governorship in 1873 by just 817 votes, unseating GOP incumbent Edward F. Noyes. Allen ran for a second term in 1875, but was defeated by the Republican candidate, future President Rutherford B. Hayes.
Mr. Shelby's company, Carroll Shelby International, said Friday that Shelby died the night before at a Dallas hospital. Doctors have not released a cause of death.
Halley had a pretty exciting High School golf season last fall, especially over the last month of the season where she helped lead her team to its second straight Conference Championship, their first ever High School State Sectional Championship, and at the State District Championship qualifying for a second straight trip to the Ohio State Championship at the Ohio State University Golf Course as one of only 12 teams from around the state.
- What will the Indians do when Johnny Damon joins the team?
I will be honest. I'm not afraid to tell people how much work needs to be done on my body. I put the numbers out there and will continue to do so. And, if there is a day when I ignore the plan and eat a box of Oreo cookies, I will admit it. I'm fortunate to be busy with a family and job and other commitments, so I'm sure I won't be able to get everything in. That's good, in a sense, because I don't want readers to think I've got 24/7 to devote to this effort. I'm no different than a lot of people in that way.
“The premise of the whole thing is to improve the way we educate the children as well as providing savings for both communities,” he said.
Some of Missouri's public pension systems will consider cutting forecasts for investment returns this year.
Joy Global rose 1.3 percent after the mining equipment maker said its earnings rose 46 percent because of strong global demand for commodities like copper and coal.
That's why it's critical to teach nutrition and provide healthy choices, Weber said. So Washburn students supplemented their ciabatta and hero sandwiches with a choice among three test salads: a chickpea-laden Mediterranean salad, a cabbage-dominated Asian slaw and a wheatberry-lime concoction. The slaw got the most takers.
Joseph Breymeier, a Philadelphia attorney representing South Jersey Animal Hospital, previously told The Star-Ledger that Kayser was notified, in writing, that there would be no 24-hour supervision and signed a consent notice. Kayser said she was verbally told Betsy would be supervised overnight.
As a result of the investigation conducted by the Somerset County Prosecutor's Office and the Watchung Police Department, Saldana was arrested and charged with vehicular homicide, 1st degree. She was taken to the Somerset County Jail with bail set at $250,000 cash or bond by Superior Court Judge Robert B. Reed.
It felt, she remembers thinking, like a house with the power to heal.
Oh holy snuggly, cuddly, chubby, Swiss mountain cuteness!
My replacement, Susan Fornoff, will be along shortly to introduce herself and show off the exciting changes she has planned; my byline will continue to show up in the section from time to time as a freelance writer.
Under the bill, it would be a crime for illegal immigrants to drive in Arizona, The bill would suspend business licenses of employers who purposely ignore a state mandate to use a federal identification database to check new hires' eligibility.
"This is terrible," he says. "This is 1982 Palm Springs."
The handset is thick but compact, with a slide-out keypad on the bottom. There's no touch screen on the C905a, but there are plenty of buttons to help you along: Dedicated "scenes" and "shoot mode" buttons let you fine-tune the light settings and types of shots (you can take panoramas, for example, or add a frame around your pictures).
After lunch at St. Michael’s, they really got down to work. Despite the rain, they were able to rake yards, spread mulch, and plant flowers for a few seniors.
Available on VOD beginning Tuesday
Meanwhile, New Cingular also has an application pending for another site on Route 513 near Ona Rosa restaurant.
What asteroids offer is a lack of gravity, making it easy to leave. Landing on larger objects, such as the moon and Mars, would require the extra but expensive thrust that chemical rockets provide, demonstrating the need for a hybrid vehicle.
Health tip of the week: Keeping your feet in shape for summer
Chatham High School held its Junior Prom tonight at Fairmount Country Club in Chatham Township.
Principal David Lujan says," Being a lawmaker was kind of like being a principal because you deal with people who act like kindergarteners."
Police later searched his Huntington Beach home pursuant to the search warrant and seized several guns, computers, calendars, journals – and photographs "of apparent child injuries," according to the return of the search warrant filed in Orange County Superior Court.
"If the ball goes into the sun, what can you do?" Darvish said through an interpreter.
The first sign of trouble for the Low Speed Chase came when a wave submerged the craft enough to trigger a signaling device, U.S. Coast Guard Petty Officer Caleb Critchfield said. A mayday call to the Coast Guard's San Francisco sector came in shortly after.
DEFENSIVE LINEMEN (11): Julius Peppers, Henry Melton, Israel Idonije, Stephen Paea, Matt Toeaina, Shea McClellin, Corey Wootton, Chauncey Davis, Thaddeus Gibson, Jordan Miller.
OPENINGS
Romney: Supported the federal accountability standards of No Child Left Behind law. Has said the student testing, charter-school incentives and teacher evaluation standards of Obama's "Race to the Top" competition "make sense" although the federal government should have less control of education.
The scandal started with an accusatory letter from Yahoo shareholder Dan Loeb last Thursday.
BELVIDERE — A former northwestern New Jersey teacher who stole a school district computer and swapped it for $150 in heroin will not have to serve a prison term.
Perhaps this was a crime of passion. We may never know. But the scale of the slaughter suggests that it was likely much more than warped domestic relations.
GM will not commence Volt sales overseas until it has prepared those markets to depower the battery, Reuss said, adding that the overseas rollouts were still on track. GM has built its first extended-range electric vehicles this year for sale in Europe and China.
News Promo - Campaign Image, KSHB, Jason Smith, Randy Thurman
Tentative plan is for Cannon to move to the writing staff of "New Girl," where she will work with creator Liz Meriwether on the Zooey Deschanel series. While on "New Girl," Cannon will concurrently begin to conceptualize her own show.
"There is no reason to cry until you get hurt," said Caughey-Forrest.
Schools will remain closed the rest of this week.
With Frank Rost’s status undetermined, the Red Bulls targeted Meara. The 6-foot-4 Yonkers native had 31 shutouts in four years at Fordham, was named the 2011 A-10 Defensive Player of the Year, and finished 11th in the NCAA in goals-against-average (0.65).
The honorees, announced last week, were recognized at the Toshiba Classic Golf Tournament, a fundraiser that ran March 12-18 at the Newport Beach Country Club.
The five-count indictment accuses the defendants of lying to an insurance carrier, saying city officials wanted the carrier to increase premiums beginning in 2007 to pay for a program providing health counseling and fitness training. The move cost the city $15 per employee per month.
The HSUS' own 2008 budget reveals no funds spent on the actual welfare of animals. Over two thirds of their budget is spent on advertising and their own salaries. This is a blatant contradiction to the pervasive, misleading TV commercials which viewers are constantly bombarded with.
"Our desire would be to find a way to sign him," Mozeliak said.
(05-01) 21:24 PDT BOSTON (AP) --
As any student of Sociology 101 can tell you, when people don't have to account for what they say or do, they will often say and do things that would shock their better selves.
Maricopa County Superior Court Judge Robert Gottsfield gave Stephen Bernard Young, 52, two consecutive 21-year terms for each of the three cases against him, according to Jerry Cobb with Maricopa County Attorney's Office.
But after more than 30 years as an actor, Noth has learned a few things. Not about finding
In Prineville, though, officials are holding out enterprise zone benefits to prospective data centers, according to Roger Lee, director of Economic Development for Central Oregon.
Carter also said East Orange police were not called to the street Sunday, as previously reported. She said today police were not called until Kelly’s body was discovered Monday.
"Even if the product is really early, it helps to have something to show," she said. "Actually getting started, not just having something on paper but demonstrable execution is really important."
Interim police Chief Howard Jordan also warned that officers would arrest those carrying out illegal actions.
Council has no powers to remove the mayor or force his resignation, and opinions vary among the five-member Republican body on whether or not Bencivengo should step down or at least take a temporary leave of absence.
8. Bryant (10-0) (8)
Over at SeaWorld Orlando, the park has gone with the more common spelling for Sea Carousel, a merry-go-round tucked away in Shamu's Happy Harbor, which is dedicated to kiddie rides and activities.
Having reached capacity at their two St. Louis brewing facilities, the makers of Schlafly beer are finalizing arrangements to expand production through deals with two out-of-state breweries.
So fierce was the fire from Lee's Mill that artilleryman William B. Jones — the Warwick County clerk of court — became known as "Hell Cat Billy."
On Wednesday, Zagrans called that a "sensible, remedial structure." But Scherk questioned giving the executive the legislative power that commissioners hold. Zagrans then suggested a special election to replace Dimora's until Hagan's and Jones' terms expire.
THE CUB REPORTER
'--My connection to Cleveland is slight but deeply felt. Here it is:
Schoener said Thursday no celebratory ceremonies are planned as of yet but she was sure something would be held when the time comes.
New Nikki: Vancouver 2, Berth 7
Though the federal government is clear, all over-the-counter HCG products marketed for weight loss are banned, not all believe it.
Not exactly a country-folk album, "The Secret Sisters" is more like an Americana version of Maddy Prior and June Tabor’s Silly Sisters project: standards associated with male vocalists wryly reinterpreted by a pair of talented young women. They pinch "Somethin’ Stupid" from Sinatra, warm up George Jones’ "Why Baby Why," and turn their tart tongues on two Hank Williams chestnuts. This project was overseen by T Bone Burnett, which means the traditionalist bona fides are unimpeachable.
Until now, the vast majority of the high court's decisions on the constitutional rights of criminal defendants had involved trials. Since plea deals are part of the daily routine in courthouses across the nation, expanding the Constitution's reach into that arena could affect a large number of cases. But legal experts, like the justices themselves, differed on the precise impact.
Now, as he steps down as leader of Tibet, the perpetually smiling monk in saffron and burgundy robes makes in "Beyond Religion: Ethics for a Whole World" what some may regard as a heretical pronouncement: You don't need religion to lead a happy and ethical life.
"Bob and I have our differences, but this is not about personalities," Saldaña said. "It's about what's best for the people of San Diego. Bob is a much better choice than any of the other candidates. Bob has a far better record on behalf of working people and protecting the environment; and he's not bought and paid for by the downtown establishment that has run San Diego for a generation."
But Phillips thinks the high court should take up the issue, regardless of what the solicitor general decides. "The general rule has been that immigration is a matter left exclusively to the federal government," he said. "The court needs to weigh in on this and put to stop to the states and localities churning out new anti-immigration measures of their own."
10 mint leaves
“It’s been an awesome 48 hours,” the 24-year-old Lindblom said. “I couldn’t even imagine making my first opening-day roster. And now having that win on opening day and being able to pitch and a part of all of this. It’s a special, special experience I’ll remember for the rest of my life.”
This is a condensed version of an account of the quake from Myrtle Robertson, who had been a student at the Mark Hopkins Art Institute for three years.
That's us! Decent and honest. Even if no one's looking, we'll still take a clean plate for the second run through the buffet line. The very name of the program incorporates Minnesota Nice, and you're surprised the founder wasn't Yasshur Yebetcha.
My mother was a stay-at-home mom and took care of me every day. I worshiped every single day I came home from school and she helped me with my homework.
The Nasdaq composite lost 1.63 points, or less than 0.1 percent, to 2,749.56.
At most restaurants, the quality of a line cook is measured by how quickly he churns out the same dishes every day, for months, until the menu changes. The thinking, the recipe creation, the flavor profiling - that comes at the sous-chef level or higher.
Taylor Bell had worked as a managing editor for the magazine, the North Star, and Kelsey was tired of hearing her sister talk about journalism. At her sister's graduation party, she avoided talking to her sister's journalism adviser, Aaron Manfull.
A few years ago I attended an early morning Bible study with a group of women from various denominations, and one morning we got into an interesting conversation about using the Daily Office (a common prayer book) as the basis for a regular prayer routine. Several of the women objected that they just couldn't use prayers that someone else had written to get closer to God; they felt that the most sincere form of prayer is spontaneous.
U.S. District Judge Sara Lioi listened, but then sentenced Weaver to three years behind bars, three months more than prosecutors had sought.
Personally, I thought the joke would be on the chefs, especially when they discovered the stoves they had to work with - an electric one that is somewhat unpredictable and a gas range with a burner that needs a certain degree of coaxing before it will turn on. You see, the second rule of the contest was they had to use our kitchen and our equipment.
Super PACs, which can accept unlimited donations from individuals and corporations, cannot coordinate with candidate campaigns or political parties. Burton said Priorities USA did not communicate with the campaign to put together the event, which he said was organized independently.
"While we are sad to see their doors close, we are optimistic about the opportunity to use this land to create new businesses and jobs," said St. Paul Mayor Chris Coleman in prepared statement. "Through our partnership with Ford and a redevelopment framework in place, we will create new uses for this site that are of the greatest benefit to the region."
Dozens of people – mostly women – gathered outside the Capitol today, repeatedly chanting "No to Rush."
Hotels.com's online system sorts for properties that are "green/sustainable," but the basis for these choices is not always clear, and many on the "green" lists are self-certified, as the fine print explains. Kayak and Priceline do not incorporate eco-friendly filters in their booking systems.
I do blame DeVos himself — mainly for being a hypocrite of extraordinary proportions, railing about "government handouts" for others, even while threatening to take his team to another city if he didn't get a super-sized subsidy of his own.
182: Omar Messallam, RH (43 wins, county and region champ)
Down the stretch, players from both teams – first Antonacci, then Hillemann -- banged shots off their opponents' crossbar. With just a couple minutes left, Cor Jesu had a chance to seal the victory. But Villa keeper Hanna Benben, who showed why she is a Saint Louis University signee, dove on the ball during a goal mouth scramble to end the threat.
What are you reading right now, outside of school? Is it the latest YA novel? Are you rereading the Harry Potter series? Are you catching up on the "Hunger Games" trilogy? Maybe a book caught your eye on a library shelf and it's proving to be a bit more interesting than you expected.
The 39-year-old Gibson played defensive back for Rodriguez at tiny Glenville (W. Va.) State and later coached with him there. Gibson coached the secondary at West Virginia from 2001-07, and added the titles of associate head coach and special teams coordinator when he moved to Michigan in 2008.
“If we all get on the same page at the same time, we can do this,” Carey said.
As we welcome spring and begin to enjoy the wonderfully fresh spring vegetables, my palate begins to crave the lighter-bodied white wines of Italy.
However, DMV records show Oregon issued Day a commercial driver's license in 2011 with an endorsement to drive "a passenger vehicle designed to carry more than 15 people."
End game: The Pistons could have taken the lead in the final minute, but Monroe missed two free throws. Hansbrough was fouled on a put-back attempt on the other end, and he made both free throws to give Indiana a 99-96 lead with 26.5 seconds to play. Monroe was fouled on a drive with 20.6 seconds left. He made the first free throw and missed the second, and George got the rebound. George made two free throws with 19.4 seconds left for a 101-97 lead. George made two more free throws with 9.6 seconds left.
"I still can't believe it. I've never seen Coach Paterno like that in my life," Morris said.
Hey, Tony: 1. Have you heard anything about Ben Tate? I know the Texans are still playing, so they aren't really thinking about next year yet, but would you think the Browns try anything to scoop him? 2. You're not a huge fan of the trade with Atlanta last year, but if the Browns get a similar offer from a team desperate for a QB, and there's one available, do you make it and try to stack up more picks again next year, while getting a late first-round pick this year too? -- Nick D., Nashville, Tenn.
James (on the value of being prepared for the next business crisis): You will remember the minute the alarm goes off and people will rally around the flag and get to work. You can't sit back and say, "What do we do now, coach?" Someone has to make decisions. That is what leadership is all about.
It's a big game for both teams. Currently the Ducks sit tied atop the Pac-12 conference for first place, and another win would only boost their confidence before they hit the road for their first-ever league games at Colorado and Utah. As far as I can tell, the Ducks are definitely a contender for the league title. The Pac-12 doesn't have a superior team this season, and Oregon is just scratching the surface of what they can do. When they find the energy and focus to full court press, they're a different team.
I used pilot schedules within that audit to prove that the pilots abused rules associated with "pilot rest" <U+0096> a fundamental regulation set to ensure safety when operating $20 million jets, and just as important, the security of our airspace.
You can't go wrong with a well-made cheddar cheese, and Blaskovich also speaks highly of havarti, a semi-soft cheese with buttery aromatics and flavor that melts especially well. Grated Parmesan cheese can also work well in conjunction with other cheeses, and is a favorite grilled cheese sandwich filling for Darrell Corti, the noted local grocer and epicurean.
The winner of that competition is awarded a $6,000 college scholarship.
Tarver said he still needs to find out what his status with Idaho is, although he has been in contact with Stampede coaches. If he does return to the D-league, who could at one point be matched against his brother, Josh, who also played at Oregon State and is a member of the Rio Grande Vipers after playing professionally in China and Africa last season.
Prague
The U.S. Tennis Association also announced today that Emirates Airline will be the "official airline" of the U.S. Open.
Often, the board chooses to settle a case with a light reprimand or nonpublic letter of concern just to get something on the doctor's record, Tucker said.
Neiheiser is serving a three-year prison sentence for bribing public officials, including Phillips-Olivier. Forlani is scheduled to stand trial on racketeering charges later this year.
"Oh, definitely. It's going to be one of those memories where we go to our 50-year reunion and it's like, `Yeah, we were the people who fell in," he said. "We're going to be able to tell our kids about that. We're going be remembered in camp forever."
Based in Australia, Treasury Wine Estates is a global wine company with more than 50 brands, including Beringer Vineyards and Penfolds.
Morrison -- his hair back to Gonzaga length and his trademark mustache replaced with a chin beard -- looks good in two YouTube videos Amick directs us to. In one, he shows the offensive variety that made him such a great scorer in college. In the other, he shows the fire that was missing during his NBA years, getting ejected after a shoving match with an opposing player.
“I think he’ll probably die with his boots on,” Ernie Bono, one of his best friends, said with a laugh Thursday. “He has coached from the day he got out of college and he doesn’t see himself doing anything else.
"Seventy percent of all people come to a dealership because it's convenient," Johnstone said. Later, he added: "Why would you build here? It would be stupid."
Business: A real estate investment trust that owns and manages 53 apartment properties in eight states.
Clearly, the official media have trumpeted that the forthcoming launch will be covered by dozens of reporters together with some foreign experts.
Also known as Lady of the Dead, Mictecacihuatl was keeper of the bones in the underworld, and she presided over the ancient monthlong Aztec festivals honoring the dead. With Christian beliefs superimposed on the ancient rituals, those celebrations have evolved into today's Day of the Dead.
“I'm an immigrant myself,” Bunzl said. “I call myself an American by choice. I was born and raised in Vienna, Austria, and I came to this country to go to college (Stanford University, before he earned his doctorate at the University of Chicago), and I made a decision to stay. I call (the United States) a grand hemisphere experiment.”
"The Poseidon Adventure," 1972 and 2005
In most years, a July date is not feasible because of conflicts with the European track circuit. Not many athletes would fly to the West Coast of North America for one meet. But this year, few European meet directors wanted to go head-to-head with the World Cup. That opened up a July date for the Pre.
'Cirque de la Symphonie'
Other major cable companies have iPad apps that play video on demand or act like big remotes. Comcast Corp., the largest, has promised that its app will play live TV before the end of the year.
Police also want to know whether other officers were part of the search at a Northeast Baltimore apartment. Occupants reported to police that several men entered the apartment Sunday night, and Nicholson was picked out of photo lineups.
1902 Belle Glade Av, $3,000
Leading his visitors by a 172,000-pound gun from the battleship the USS Mississippi and past iconic blast furnaces, which will eventually be lit up and used as a backdrop for music and arts events, DeSalvio said Bethlehem has plenty to offer besides the slots.
No other students have been suspended for repeatedly hugging after being told to stop since the initial protest, Vander-Hayden said. Two students - eighth graders Gianna Cammarota and Noah Stillman - have been suspended this month, the latest for two days.
Ballet Arizona's 2011-12 finale celebrates choreographer George Balanchine, who pretty much reinvented the art form for the modern era at New York City Ballet. Ballet Arizona artistic director Ib Andersen was one of Balanchine's last proteges, and his annual salute to the master is always a highlight of the season. This year's program features music by Igor Stravinsky and Anton von Webern.
"I make stupid decisions," he said. "I will always be sorry for Brandon's death."
"Last year, we had a couple of top 3-year-olds come in as supplemental entries for the Cleveland Classic," said Bianconi. "This is the last stake available for them, and some owners might want to get in one more race (before the horses become 4-year-olds on Jan. 1). There has been some interest from the owner of Mystic Desire, who'll be going in the Windy City Pace, a horse that has won in 1:50 this season."
German Jurgen Hingsen, a former world-record holder, missed twice at the opening height. It took a clearance on his third attempt for him to remain in the competition, and he would go on to win the silver medal.
Crews said drug companies are focusing less on early-state drug discovery because of cutbacks, and universities help pharmaceutical companies meet a need to find new chemicals that treat maladies.
Filner's best idea is the immediate imposition of a $100,000 cap on the pensions of high-paid managers, whose retirement benefits are not locked in by collective bargaining agreements. Another good idea is his call for a five-year contract with employee unions to try to lock in salary costs, helping keep down the long-term pension tab for those with guaranteed retirement benefits.
Collins has drawn criticism for her advocacy of training Chicago Public Schools students how to properly handle a gun - a proposal she publicly embraced but never introduced in bill form when a public outcry arose.
Portland returned to the court Friday to tip-off its 42nd training camp.
It's a fascinating stat because it's a fascinating start for the three-time MVP in his new home. And it leads to a less-than-fascinating and rather obvious poll question. You can find it above this and below the picture.
Entertainment books are on sale at the center for $35. The book consists of coupons for dining, movie tickets and more. Please make checks payable to "Tustin Area Senior Center Fund Inc." For more information: 714-573-3340.
"Sexually it was crazy. That's all I'll say," he says, then says more. "It was like napalm, sexual napalm." And then he says more, but we'd have to censor it so much it's not worth the trouble. Suffice to say, he comes off badly.
The following week, she called me to say that she was extremely hurt that I did not invite her to this party. I was taken aback. I told her this was a neighborhood thing. (She lives 50 miles away.)
Proseccos are becoming the sparkling wines of choice. There are so many good ones made, and they are such great values, that I think Champagne needs to watch out.
Hitchcock noted that Vancouver hasn't been the only team on this road trip to try to neutralize the Blues' top line and put the onus on the rest of the forwards.
Ohio State Athletic Director Gene Smith said suspending the players now would have affected the bowl, the Ohio State seniors and the fans, and he felt the sanctions next season were enough. TV ratings for the showdown between No. 6 Ohio State and No. 8 Arkansas certainly would have suffered if the Buckeyes were playing without their quarterback, All-Big Ten running back, All-Big Ten left tackle and second-leading receiver. Now that's not a worry.
It served as a hint of what lay ahead.
Prices: Appetizers, $5 to $9.50. Entree salads $8 to $11. Sandwiches $8-$9. Pastas, $15 to $18. House specialties, steaks and chops, $16 to $22.
Another housing opportunity is the purchase of an apartment house on Norfolk Street in North Pacifica. The apartment house is an existing structure already built but recently sold to Jericho project, which is a rehabilitation program in Daly City for men wishing to turn their lives around.
When a Republican on the committee admired his tie, Kitzhaber jokingly offered to give it to him, if it would win a vote.
For lunch, my next crew sampled the roast beef Manhattan ($6.95), a classic open-faced sandwich made with roast beef on Texas toast topped with mashed potatoes and gravy. The dish was a little heavy on the salt in the brown gravy, but it was a study in comfort food nonetheless.
"It's not like you bamboozle one person and get one through," said Ross, who has directed the department for 13 years. "You would have to bamboozle many people."
Off the court, what are some of the players like?
Gilbert Sison, a lawyer at Rosenblum's firm who is now handling Love-El's case, said they are investigating what, if anything, Yanes has to do with the case.
The Grammy Award-winning singer's lawyers contend they were within their rights to opt out of the deal because Gate Five didn't have its financing in place.
Ohio-07
The financial explanations failed to mitigate the concerns of several parents like Christophe Rebboah, who urged board members to look at other options and realize the closures would affect young students.
After the federal listing, NOAA Fisheries, an arm of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, provided Oregon and Washington with $1.02 million over three years to track the smelt's presence and range in the Columbia and many of its tributaries.
As they prepare the day's menu -- donated soup from Olive Garden, macaroni salad from Nike, fresh baked biscuits, vegetable trays (another day it is salmon pasta from the kitchen at the University of Portland, garlic bread; always there are pastries or pies from Costco, bottomless cups of coffee) -- a man climbs the steps, looking for a place out of the rain and the cold. He carries an old plastic bag crammed with clothing, his fingers dotted with sores. "Would you like something to drink?" Candice asks. He doesn't answer, just sits for a few minutes, crying and talking to himself. Eventually, volunteer Dell Zimmerman coaxes him into helping her hang fall decorations around the inside of the bus, and soon, he loses himself in the act of tearing precise strips of tape, prettying the space for everyone who will soon climb aboard.
A domino effect of delays is expected to be felt throughout the system, along with congestion and cancellations.
The final details for how the credit would be calculated are still being worked out.
3. "Survivor: One World" (CBS, Wednesday) – A fine season
When it comes to position players who could be identified as "core" eligible, there really is only one remaining in this year's market: Prince Fielder. Mozeliak told me recently that the club didn't plan on making any more "record offers" this winter. The club record, of course, is Holliday's seven-year, $120-million deal agreed to in 2010. Fielder also doesn't fit the Cardinals' MO when it comes to building or adding to the "core" of the team. As it was when Walt Jocketty was general manager, Mozeliak and DeWitt act to lock-in potential core players before they reach free agency or trade for them in time that they get bathed in Cardinal culture and all that. The examples are numerous: Holliday, Carpenter, Lohse ... et cetera.
Of course, the great hope is that all this tracking will lead to the animals themselves, which is why it was such a pleasure -- albeit a macabre one -- for the students to come upon the raw scene laid out by a cougar, a bobcat and a deer. Naturally they would have rather found the animals alive, but this is nature: a devoured deer and a decomposing bobcat splayed out in a blackberry bramble, both victims of a creature higher up the food chain.
Those public-sector union workers have become a political target as state and local governments struggle through fiscal crises. Whitman, for one, has called for laying off 40,000 in the state's workforce.
Dubbed a "cash mob," members of the group, many of them young professionals, had arranged the event through social media. Over the course of an hour, the shoppers plucked soy candles, pillows, purses and ornate jewelry from the shelves. By the time they were through, they had dropped $1,200 — nearly double what Made by DWC brings in on a typical day.
Lane sat right behind Nate and his friends Monday morning, by himself at another table. Nate describes Lane as a quiet kid he had been friendly with in middle school, but who had gone into a "goth phase" in high school and they drifted apart.
Patel pleaded guilty to his role in the scheme and is serving a 3 1/2 -year prison sentence.
This, after the decision was made in Trenton a year prior to shutter the center’s west campus, on West Almond Road, for a savings of $160,000. That closure was completed last summer.
But the excitement over his country duets album also reflects Richie's deep roots - and remarkable success - in the genre. Richie wrote one of country music's enduring hits, Kenny Rogers' "Lady," and Conway Twitty's take on the Commodores' "Three Times A Lady" became a huge country hit. In addition, Richie collaborated with Alabama on "Deep River Woman," another song that became a country classic. So mix Richie's rich pop history with his country music legacy, and you can see why his return to his country roots on the new duets album "Tuskegee," named after his hometown in Alabama, is creating such a buzz in Nashville.
High-country chic
Under the proposal headed for the Senate, the exchanges would be taxed on just 27.54 percent of their revenue, a somewhat arbitrary figure legislators said should be re-examined later. The change should save the companies about $85 million a year.
"I don't ever want to rub anyone the wrong way, whether it's a fan or ... I know the fans are frustrated, the front office is frustrated at my time here, but I can't give anything more than I've given since I've been here.
The Dow inched up 4.39 points, or 0.1 percent, to close at 11,989.83. The index broke through 12,000 Wednesday for the first time since June 2008 but slipped in the late afternoon.
"There is a genuine fascination of the city of La Paz. Everyone in the area knows the greatness of La Paz. You can get anything in the world there, they say," wrote John Steinbeck and his marine biologist buddy, Ed Ricketts, in their expedition narrative "The Log From the Sea of Cortez."
"It's too easy to forget that it was Ken Olsen's vision of interactivity that took computing away from the centralized mainframe and into the hands of the people," said Gordon Bell, who joined DEC in 1960 and headed the company's engineering operations for more than 20 years.
So what is it about these unabashedly old-fashioned kinds of entertainment that appeals to the performers? And why does Portland seem to be such a hotbed of old-timey vaudeville, cabaret and circus talent?
Ground chipotle pepper (adjustable grinder gives fresh spurt of flavor)
"If you wait too long, sometimes you actually just end up delaying your overall recovery" and adding to the cost of medical treatment, said Nathan Sels, Weintraub's physical therapist.
The flattop building is "deep kelly green" says Satterlee, who preferred the shade she first saw it in the '70s, "a pale hospital green." Then it comes to her. "Brennan's green. YES." The color of the archway over I-80 finally has a name.
"Unfortunately, when they built the freeway they didn't do any kind of structural analysis to see what would happen," he said. "As a result, we're not able to prove there's been structural damage, but we believe there has been. We're very concerned the driving of pilings, heavy equipment being operated less than a block and a half away from our buildings, could be very detrimental."
Moving out from that center, the film, which was written and directed by Max Mayer, plunges Adam into a love affair with a beautiful kindergarten teacher, Beth; she’s played appealingly by Rose Byrne. Their romance computes—the common denominator is need—but it doesn’t convince, and a subplot involving Beth’s larcenous father grows terribly intrusive. Nevertheless, “Adam” succeeds at getting inside its hero’s mind and, more impressively still, gives us entrée to his singular soul.
Sadly, Bylsma tried to justify the cheap shots Monday by saying "our players desperately want to win and are desperately playing. The emotion boils over in a situation like that. They're competitors." He went on to insinuate that any team would react the same way in that spot.
The commission, dominated by appointees of former Republican Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger, has been quick to reduce compensation during the state's budget crisis of recent years.
"It'd be nice to share the responsibility once in a while," he says. However, if a woman proposed marriage, he'd feel "like she's trying too hard."
Hayashi is embarrassed, distraught and she apologizes for any misunderstanding, but she has no intention of resigning from office, Singer said.
MF Global filed for bankruptcy protection on
With the big sales increase, Nissan edged past Chrysler to gain the No. 5 spot in auto sales for the month. GM is still No. 1 in the United States followed closely by Toyota and Ford. Honda was a fairly distant fourth.
Source: Adapted recipe from Miami Herald.
TYPE: Front-engine, rear-wheel-drive, five-passenger, mid-size, luxury sedan.
Design a holiday arrangement
The only advantage we offer an employer is that we can't sue for discrimination.
Because of hate.
But Obama also spoke of an "enduring partnership" with Afghanistan, invoking the agreement, which pledges U.S. help for a decade in developing the Afghan economy and public institutions, although it makes no concrete financial commitments, which Congress would have to authorize each year.
The Navy Veterans pays a premium for the fundraising dollars it gets. According to contracts filed in Florida and Arizona, for every pledge, the company keeps 60 percent.
The new Ford Focus ST is new to China, but Ford will continue to sell the outgoing model as a more affordable alternative for a nation where few families own a car. The existing model will be rebadged as the Classic Focus and will continue to be built in China.
They would scale down the glass facade using bedsheets and jump about 25 feet to Tucker Boulevard below.
Estimates by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office put current government spending at $3.6 trillion, or about 23.5 percent of the gross domestic product this year, slipping to 21.8 percent by 2016.
Let’s hope they have a governor with the courage to appoint investigators to get to the bottom of what happened, as Georgia did.
This time of year the desert is green with the promise of spring. Brittlebush, creosote and a handful of wildflowers add a few splashes of color.
"The new United States Post Office location is a welcome addition to Westfield Downtown Plaza," said Raelene Trumm, general manager for the mall.
"I can’t really comment on his motive for picking those specific motels — whether he thought it would be people he thought might not report it," said Elizabeth Police Lt. Daniel Saulnier, whose department was involved in the investigation. "Anything is possible, but I have no evidence that is why he picked those hotels."
"A lot of sequels fall short because they add too many new characters and too many layers of plot," said Favreau by phone from Los Angeles.
As a beachgoer, that was interesting news, but still more interesting to me as a reporter was that photographer Chris Walker shot video of one particular border collie, Max.
County Police Chief Tim Fitch said zero was unreasonable.
"And quite frankly, how dare anyone call that into question. The Players Association is united and any reports to the contrary are false. There have been no side agreements, no side negotiations or anything close. We are united in serving you and presenting the best options and getting everyone back to work." Players and owners made progress on a number of issues related to the salary cap system over two days last week. But the negotiations fell apart again on the third day, when the sides decided to revisit the BRI split again.
The Blazers missed nine free throws Tuesday night, finishing 18 of 27 from the field.
Decisions on grants would likely happen at the end of September, with funds going out at the beginning of the federal fiscal year Oct. 1, Ray said.
Saying that government should live "within its means," Obama told the audience, "And that's why I've designed a budget that freezes spending for five years and will help reduce the deficit by $400 billion over the next decade to the lowest level since Dwight Eisenhower was president."
Doomsday: Again, always requires some clarification. The term has been used to describe all of the above.
"No one is going to like the answers here," said Trustee Jim Gibson after the first pass. "We're just hitting around the edges, and we're not anywhere near $15 million."
“I’m sure,” Shelp replied. “Next week I think is booked, but week after.”
Hall said after the trade that brought Wallace to Portland, the two started talking about the potential of playing together again.
As a result, some OPEC members have been concerned about high oil prices prompting conservation and development of alternative energy sources. Following this logic, the market likely holds a ceiling for U.S. gas prices. According to current estimates, if the average price of gas breaks the $5 barrier at the pump, cars powered by hybrid engines and alternative fuel sources would become less expensive to buy and operate than those powered by internal combustion engines. Thus, one can argue that it is in OPEC's interest to keep the price of gasoline below $5 a gallon. The technology is available, increased demand for the technology would make it more accessible. One would expect OPEC to act accordingly.
The award will be applied to Professor Kletz’s doctoral studies at Pace University, which she began in August 2011. The Doctorate of Professional Studies through Pace University is a cohort-based business doctoral program that is expected to take five years to complete. It is a rigorous research program. Professor Kletz’s concentration is Management.
Initially, he focused on Obama, blaming him for not supporting construction of a Canada-to-Texas oil pipeline. Later, he turned his sights on Mourdock, attacking him as "untrustworthy" in a series of negative ads. Lugar's campaign spent at least $2.5 million on advertising to answer Mourdock's charges and cut him down. Republicans say that effort backfired because the attacks undercut Lugar's reputation as a statesman.
When he finishes a half-hour later, Goliath's teeth gleam white in the sun, and Register still has his fingers — nine and a half of them anyway.
Chrysler received emergency loans both from the Bush administration in 2008 and from the Obama administration in 2009.
He said Pashos never used the foot as an excuse last season, even though he occasionally took some heat for his performance. "He didn't hide behind the injury,'' said Smith. "You never heard a word out of him all year.''
The left-handed hitting Damon, 38, has put together a fine career in his previous 17 major league seasons.
As U.S. Attorney, Christie opposed needle exchange programs. But after visiting Transition Park, a tent city for the homeless in Camden, during his 2009 campaign for governor, he indicated he might change his mind.
"My Little Pony": In the Calendar section elsewhere in this edition, an article about young men who enjoy "My Little Pony" and call themselves bronies (combining "bro" and "ponies") said that members of SoCal Brony, one such fan organization, are planning the first brony convention for the Anaheim Convention Center in November. The event would be the first such convention in Southern California. The article also described the character of Shining Armor as the show's first male pony. He was not the first. The error was detected after the section went to press.
Ally officials opposed pay reductions despite Feinberg's concerns that most of the company's top 25 employees "were part of the problem that resulted in the need for a bailout," the report said.
November 2002: Re-elected comptroller, by a margin of more than 2-1. As chairman of the state pension plan, he leads a turnaround of the scandal-ridden retirement system. The system performs strongly over the next three years.
The Ravens have been quiet so far in free agency, but if they lose Grubbs or decide to pull their offer first, the activity should pick up a bit. Grubbs is this offseason’s biggest domino for the Ravens, but they want to re-sign some of their other free agents, too, including Jarret Johnson, Jameel McClain and Cory Redding.
One of the requirements for the Cookies Count Try-It badge is a planning and budget exercise where the troop discusses future activities and goals and how they could be achieved and what they cost. When planning the meeting, Nicole and I expected to hear a lot of enthusiasm for high-ticket or elaborate outings, but we were pleasantly surprised when the first thing the girls came up with and the unanimous activity of choice was "to help a charity." The St. Michael's School of Clayton and the Church of St. Michael and St. George put a great deal of emphasis on social responsibility and giving back to the community, and it's clearly taken root. The girls were certainly motivated by incentive patches and prizes that are earned at certain sales levels, but I think our Brownies really take pride in being part of a larger organization and able to contribute to its goals and live its values. The cookie sale was one way of demonstrating that pride.
CHICAGO <U+0097> When their son was about to enter his teens, Paul and Jeanne Miller of Flossmoor, Ill., decided it was time to have the talk.
She had seen the Hallmark store next to the Hen House and recognized it, so she pulled into the parking lot. Because it was dark and everything looked so different, she couldn’t find her way home. She thought maybe she could walk the Hen House aisles to spark her memory.
Kimberly McKinney moved to St. Louis in 1997 from her native home of Tennessee, where she had led tourism and economic development programs for the historic town of Jonesborough in the northeastern tip of the Volunteer State.
Besides ending an odor that we were told was once a fact of daily life in Kunming, the efforts of Wang and her team are beginning to move water-quality measures, too. Remember the five-step scale -- the one with Dianchi literally off the charts?
So if Fickell and the staff want to err on the side of caution and shelter Miller for a bit, even if they think he's ready physically on the field, you would understand their sentiment.
"It got tough for us and we quit," Drew said. "That's what happened. I was more disappointed than frustrated."
"This is nothing like Trayvon Martin," Hambrick said Wednesday.
Starbucks rose 2 percent after CEO Howard Schultz told the Wall Street Journal the company is looking for companies to acquire. 3M Co. rose 0.5 percent, the biggest gain in the Dow 30. Walt Disney Co. fell the most, 1.2 percent.
Schumaker played Friday three days ahead of schedule. The Cardinals earlier this week thought it a push to activate him before Monday's opener in Chicago. Circumstances forced a change in organizational thinking.
The subject of an unflattering episode on Gordon Ramsay’s "Kitchen Nightmares," this restaurant legend, which opened in the Ironbound in 1963, apparently was in dire need of a menu makeover. Did Ramsay, the enfant terrible of TV food shows, rescue Spanish Pavillion from mediocrity? Time will tell. But he did overhaul the menu, which can only be a good thing.
Note: Good choices to grill include asparagus, corn, whole carrots, eggplant, fennel, leeks, red or spring onion, portobello mushrooms, red bell pepper, yellow crookneck squash, zucchini and medium-sized Yukon gold potatoes. After cooking, brush the still-warm vegetables with different vinaigrettes if you like.
But even if council approves the new labor deals, the state still says it has the authority to wipe out the contracts under an emergency manager.
Energized, the Sounders dominated play for most of the first half by using their superior transitional speed on the edges and crisp touch passing inside. The Sounders' advantage allowed them to maintain possession on the Timbers side of the field for most of the first half.
An Elyria man is in jail after a denture dispute gone wrong.
But the 17-year-old teenager's stories were so outlandish, according to former classmates and friends of the San Rafael resident, no one really took him seriously.
øDoes it feel good to show off your city to the county?
He threw for 808 yards, with 10 touchdowns and seven interceptions, and racked up 796 total yards (518 rushing, 277 receiving) and seven touchdowns.
5/2/2012, St Anthony High School, 304 Roadway Ave, Effingham, IL, 8:00 AM to 2:00 PM 5/2/2012, St Elmo High School, 300 W. 12th St., Saint Elmo, IL, 9:00 AM to 2:00 PM 5/2/2012, Hawthorne Inn, 1111 W N 12th Street, Shelbyville, IL, 12:00 PM to 4:00 PM
Weinberg is sponsoring the bill with Assemblyman Gordon Johnson, D-Englewood. The new funding would offset some families’ co-pays for services considered crucial at a young age, particularly in New Jersey, which has the country’s highest rate of autism.
Witnesses told investigators the boyfriend of the two women then walked out of the tavern, followed by Shelton.
Venecek is a senior chemistry and mathematics double major at Wooster. The Vivien Chan Prize in Interdisciplinary Sciences is awarded to a student who has demonstrated academic excellence in the sciences and has an interest in pursuing an advanced degree in interdisciplinary sciences.
Gov. John Kitzhaber has already helped by reinvigorating TriMet's leadership, but now the governor must keep the pressure on. And even though it likely can't happen in this session, Kitzhaber also needs to pursue legislation to make transit operators no longer subject to binding-interest arbitration, a process that tends to polarize and paralyze -- just when speed and moderation are imperative.
On his last day in a North Carolina prison, the guard walking him to freedom asked Schardan where he was going.
“If Herbie Hancock says it,” Grant said, “it must be true.”
The climbing crew herded 12 of us from room to room, gathering our specially made bridge-climbing suits, harnesses, headphones and radios, and clipping on accessories such as rain shells, handkerchiefs, and fleeces (in case it gets cold at the summit). After a small demonstration of what we needed to do on the bridge, we were on our way.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Tens of thousands of Greater Cleveland families who heat with electricity have seen their monthly bills soar by hundreds of dollars this winter.
Authorities said the victim had minor injuries and declined medical treatment.
When the Blazers' medical personnel saw the hand, they summoned the Mavericks X-Ray technician. The technician was now waiting for Camby down the hall, and despite the pleas of Roberts and Jensen, Camby was putting his foot down.
Jan. 3 term
Susan Clemente was on hand at the market, offering her book, Michigan's Guide to Local Cooking, a result of three years of research and work.
Exactly how far has the election sunk? On Sept. 8, The Times published an article detailing the leaked audiotape. On it, Susan Kennedy, Schwarzenegger's chief of staff, lavishly praises Garcia, which leads to the governor's comments. Garcia, approached by a Times reporter, appears amused by the entire thing and explains how her hot-bloodedness is an inside joke between her and the governor.
Then on Monday, Education Secretary Arne Duncan, a longtime friend and basketball buddy of the president, stirred the pot further. Asked on a morning show whether he believed same-sex couples should legally be allowed to marry, Duncan said simply, "Yes, I do."
“It was a frustrating time for us because we're just so close, but starting pitching has been a challenge for us and I'm real proud of the effort guys continue to play with,” Showalter said. “When you're spending 20, 25 minutes out there between innings, I'm impressed with the intensity our guys brought.”
I hope you won’t fault me for not knowing what a Goat Man is. As in Goat Boy from “Saturday Night Live”?
"So it wasn't something that I panicked about."
Democratic Sen. Morgan Carroll said Neville's Senate memorial deserved debate from the women on the Senate floor.
For veterans, Obama planned to press Congress anew to pass legislation creating a Veterans Job Corps to help service members returning home from Iraq and Afghanistan find work as police officers and firefighters.
(05-12) 15:56 PDT LOS ANGELES (AP) --
"I don't think the case would have been dismissed at this level, and the risks of it being a second-degree murder were always there," Kingston said. "It was my client's decision to (take the deal) and it's not my right to say, 'Hey, hang out for five years an maybe we will get this dismissed.' "
5. Create visual interest with plant beds. Add depth to your front garden by making bold, arching swaths of plant-bed lines, rather than tight gestures close to the house. If you have grass, this is a great way to reduce the grass and create a lower-maintenance bed you can fill with desert-adapted vegetation.
No blood evidence. Although David Brewer, former chief judge of Oregon's Court of Appeals, makes curious note of a "bloody shoe-print" at the scene in his review of Lawson's conviction, no blood was found on Lawson's Rockports or the floorboards of his truck.
Evan Lieberman, assistant professor of film and video at Cleveland State University, isn't a big fan of the telecast. Though he can cite an array of criticisms of the awards, he promptly stops himself short.
INF Dynesha Shumpert, sr., McCluer South-Berkeley
Joseph Gordon-Levitt
More than 550,000 pounds of prescription drugs was turned in among all 50 states and in U.S. territories on April 28 for National Drug Take-Back Day. More than 1.5 million pounds of medication has been collected during similar events since 2010.
I also couldn't resist the soft shell crab ($16), lightly battered and arranged over a soupy bed of black bean sauce spiked with ginger and spring onions, another winning combination. Both were wise choices.
The big push from the Stop the Poles group and other local residents has been for the line to be buried underground on Route 77.
Power was restored about 10:15 p.m., Edison spokesman Paul Klein said.
Velvet Freeze and Plymouth are long gone, but I remember them fondly.
Without a hint of irony, Cuomo was pocketing big bucks from supporters hours later in Buffalo.
"Mom and pop" small businesses whose sewage is similar to households would pay a lower charge while those whose waste includes metals and chemicals would pay more depending on what they put into the sewer system, LeComb said.
"This is not a tax holiday," he said. "We are turning off the foreclosure machine."
Borders' closing, however, opened up new opportunities for The Book Stall. First came more foot traffic and more sales. Gift certificates to Borders from the Wilmette Library to young readers now went to The Book Stall, attracting more customers.
In the first round this year, the rating for the Blues ouster of San Jose in five games was 9.7. All those games were shown on Fox Sports Midwest. The second-round games have been on NBC Sports Network, which recently was dropped from Charter cable's non-digital service, and CNBC, not a familiar destination for hockey fans.
Motorcycle riders from American Legion Riders, Patriot Guard and Warrior Watch have escorted home at least half a dozen New Jersey soldiers this year, Gato said. Most members of the groups jump at the chance to participate in such a ride because of the unique camaraderie among veterans.
The UAW also said GM has identified 760 new jobs it could add to U.S. plants to make parts currently being made by suppliers or GM plants in other countries. Some of that work could come to plants in Lordstown and Parma.
Walking is an integral part of her routine: bed at 9:30, up at 3, walk from 4:45 to 6:30, then swim for two hours. It has made her so healthy, she wouldn't dream of stopping.
The current debate centers only on subsidized Stafford loans; the Education Department estimates that about 30 percent of undergraduates have this type of loan.
rankings, is averaging 60.3 points while allowing 32.3. Five of the games have been laughers. The only opponent that has been more than just a light breeze in the Tigers' faces was Salem, which Edwardsville beat 48-44.
This year is Gajewski's first as the contracted market manager. Last year, he filled the role in a volunteer capacity.
"I've got to assume that most of these large high rises are appealing their taxes because they're receiving quotes from the city that are higher than what they're actually worth," he said. "Sales that have occurred in the last couple of years have not supported the values the city is putting out."
Seats: 49 (plus 30 outside)
Lewis started yesterday's home-opening loss to the Toronto Blue Jays and gave up four runs on seven hits in 4 1/3 innings. He threw 94 pitches.
The annual Dumpster Day will accept numerous items, and organizations such as AmVets, Goodwill Industries and the Loading Dock will take other items.
The AJC used freedom of information laws to collect test scores from 50 states to look for the sort of patterns that signaled cheating in Atlanta. A Georgia investigation last year found at least 178 Atlanta educators — principals, teachers and other staff — took part in widespread test-tampering.
In a word, business is: "Afloat."
A burst of hiring in December pushed the unemployment rate to its lowest level in nearly three years, giving the economy a boost at the end of 2011.
Paul George must play beyond his youth Now is not the time for George to just have flashes. That's what last season was for. He now has to show up and be on top of things every night.
"The Avengers" came out big on Friday, grossing an estimated $18.7 million from midnight showings across the country, according to Disney. Of that number, $1.3 million came from 273 IMAX screens.
Online: To see Chronicle reports on PG&E pipeline safety since the September 2010 explosion in San Bruno, video of the disaster, and company and government documents about PG&E's actions, go to www.sfgate.com/san-bruno-fire.
I'm sorry, but the moment we Christians think it's OK to berate another human being for saying the wrong nice thing, we go from being champions for Christ to bullies for Jesus. No, thank you.
Teeth
"It's much more complicated than that, but essentially that's how it works," he said. "What's important is we've had success at developing a targeted therapy for lupus so more and better targeted therapies will be available in the future," Brasington said.
Vintage artistic director Craig A. Bond balances the sweet with the bitter, the comedy with the traumas of mother-daughter relationships. We understand quickly that Suyuan gave the club its name, not because it was apt but more because fortune and happiness were hoped for.
Christie confirmed the account during an unrelated press conference in Atlantic City today.
Griem, though, said: <U+0093>The conversations were to the effect that our two clients should not be having contact with each other with this ongoing criminal investigation and that both of us should warn our clients that they should not be talking to each other, texting each other, sending carrier pigeons back and forth.<U+0094>
This will go down in the record books, just like the old programs Miller collects from Freese's day at Lafayette High. Freese set a record for single-season batting average, when he was a senior, of .533.
"Employees failed to follow established company policies and procedures designed to protect animals in our care," Fron-Mauer said in an email yesterday. "When those policies and procedures are not followed, disciplinary action is taken."
Beyond the room and the nice values we found on the wine list, there's little to like about what you get for what you spend.
Delsa Bernardo, who co-owns Yiya's Gourmet Cuban Bakery and Café in Miami with her girlfriend, backed Obama in 2008 but has since become disillusioned over economic issues. She said she's happy he's spoken out in support of gay marriage but wants to see what actions he takes to back up his words.
The two-day conference, co-hosted by the U.N. refugee agency and Switzerland this week, was held as the United States winds down its presence in Afghanistan, and Afghans worry about what happens when American and other NATO troops turn security over to the Afghan army and police.
But the former Pennsylvania senator's campaign predicts that he will significantly increase his delegate haul in caucus states, primarily at the expense of Romney.
The committee asked for the public hearing to get opinions about current hunting regulations, both in regard to the types of firearms used and whether regulations should remain different on each side of 109.
"Despite the dramatic cuts targeted at schools and local communities, Kasich's budget increases state spending from $50.5 billion to $55.6 billion," Budish wrote. "This is the second largest, two-year spending increase in Ohio history."
2105 Avon Dr, $42,000
To have a real shot at a position on a college team, it takes more than just talent, said Twellman, who helped his children navigate their way to collegiate soccer careers and beyond.
An annual vacation also provides a setting for absorbing life's lessons, Roberts said. "I always felt some satisfaction in seeing the kids getting along with one another and working together. There's a lot of give-and-take at the lake, the kids learned you've got to share, you can't go your own way."
Cardinals vice president Dan Farrell stressed that a decision hasn't been made about KSDK and FSM.
A third doctor, George Shepard Jr., also had his license suspended. He ordered medications for AWS' Maryland facilities and knowingly took part in an arrangement in which abortions started in one state and patients were told to drive across state lines for completion of the procedure, the board said.
Officials from Luke Air Force Base have taken the grenades and destroyed them.
Even in early stages of emphysema (defined generally, Samet says, as having less than 80% lung function), the chemicals are breaking down the lung's tiny air sacs, called alveoli. The consequence: "A grape-like cluster of tiny air sacs becomes one big sac, which means there is less area to exchange oxygen," Edelman says.
"Dog Joy: The Happiest Dogs in the Universe" (Rodale, 192 pages, $16.99) is a compilation of some 500 photos of carefree canines sent in by readers of The Bark, a dog magazine assembled in San Francisco. Several of the dogs are Oregon residents, including white fluff-ball Maeby, the puppy of Eugene author Laurie Notaro, who penned one of the chapter introductions. Lori Tobias, who covers the Oregon coast for The Oregonian, also has a dog photo in the book.
“You can see it's not selling very well,” Justice Sonia Sotomayor told Solicitor General Donald Verrilli Jr.
“You’re told all these things in a classroom, but it’s so different when you’re really in what’s happening,” she said about her interning experiences. “You see reporters run out ... you see them when things go wrong and a source doesn’t show up. It’s real life situations that prepares you for what to expect.”
1B Joey Votto -- 10 years, $225 million extension, signed throough 2023 with an option for 2024. Added on to his current deal, this gives him 12 years for $251.5 million.
It'll hurt much more later because these last two weeks of failure have consequences far greater than making a push at .500 this summer.
ø Van Riemsdyk said Monday that he didn't think he was guilty of goaltender interference because he was out of the crease. Either way, Brodeur's chances of making the key stop would have dramatically increased had van Riemsdyk not been poking around the goal.
Last year, Poland was the only EU nation to avoid recession and posted economic growth of 1.7 percent.
Plutko had faced two over the minimum when Conforto stepped to the plate to lead off the seventh. Conforto, the league’s RBI leader (51), drilled a single to right field, and the streaking Ryan Gorton singled after him. But after Ryan Dunn struck out, Dylan Davis hit a hard grounder to short, and the Bruins turned an inning-ending, momentum-ending double play.
To serve: Trim off crusts, then cut the sandwiches and into triangles or squares. Arrange on a serving tray. Put the tomato "soup" into a small bowl or coffee cup. Sprinkle tray with chives and encourage guests to dip sandwiches into the "soup." .
• Portland Story Theater storytellers present Urban Tellers Jack Schwab, Tom Frieberg, Lynn Fitch, Jeff Disney, Andrew Bynum, Kristy Hellum. 8 p.m. Hipbone Studio, East Burnside and N.E. 18th Ave.
"My spikes in salary have been in the last 10 years, and that's when the arms race really started in all sports," Anderson said. "Everyone is trying to keep up."
In a statement issued, NCAA president Mark Emmert said the governing body had an "obligation" to help those schools make a successful transition. But NCAA critics believe the delay will only prolong an inevitable push to do anything to keep athletes eligible.
Why does race or ethnicity matter?
The backroom dealings of commissioners, in part, fueled the charter that Zanotti championed and voters approved last fall by an overwhelming, 2-to-1 margin. The measure replaces the commissioners with an elected county executive and 11-member council.
"While I appreciate and understand the numbers, the numbers can't be the only piece of the story," Apple Valley Mayor Mary Hamann-Roland said. "In order for you to get the ridership, you have to build the system to attract."
Mr. Kuenster was born in Chicago. He graduated from Mount Carmel High School and is in its Hall of Fame. The Evergreen Park resident once held the school record for the mile.
“As we got into Game 3, we started passing the ball better. Guys like Bert Payton and Brendan Sander, did a really nice job for us.”
Perhaps even more important, he showed that he could take it — that he could withstand Newtmania and the Santorum Surge without melting down, panicking, losing faith or changing his strategy to satisfy the demands of pundits who didn’t necessarily wish him well.
HAZELWOOD CENTRAL EXTENDS LEAGUE WIN STREAK
Myrna Loy: The Only Good Girl in Hollywood, by Emily W. Leider (UC Press; 424 pages; $34.95). Leider delves into the little-known private life of the actress who starred in numerous films, among them "The Thin Man."
"I have some sympathy that this new policy may place some of these families in a bind. But we bought our house in Los Alamitos so our children could attend school here," said Nancy Lee, whose son will enroll in kindergarten this fall. "All families make sacrifices, but the difference is that Los Alamitos is our school district, and the schools belong to us."
"I think you will see KMOX, in a very professionally managed way, take full advantage of the Cardinal franchise much better than KTRS management was able to do. ... I honestly believe you will see KMOX step up to the plate and use (the Cards) to hit one out of the park. They will do this right."
Like most moms, Bessie Beal said she would prefer Brad stay in school. She said he wants to be a doctor, possibly go into sports medicine. But he already has a professional-quality jumper.
After the escapes and murders, it took eight months, and a formal threat by Corrections Director Charles Ryan that he would terminate MTC's contract if it didn't fix the problems within 90 days, before the company shored up security at Kingman to the department's satisfaction.
-- Charlie Hunter Duo, June 22-23, $30
"We really scrubbed everything," Committeeman Tom Antosiewicz said. "We're down people, labor, and expenses and there's still more to come. It's been a difficult one, but it's at a manageable level. This will be lower by the time we get to May."
He left so many messages that they eventually made it to the right people. He received an e-mail invitation to Wednesday's kick-off two weeks ago. He'll take part in a youth forum with Lady Gaga and Oprah Winfrey before attending the actual launch event, which will be aired on the Oprah Winfrey Network.
"He has taken over for Jobs twice in two medical leaves and the company has functioned extremely well," she said, adding that Cook has been Jobs' "right hand guy" for many years.
Semifinals: Nov. 5 at Englewood, 4 and 6:30 p.m.
A short walk across the parking lot at the Village Center shopping area is the Sun Art Gallery, where artists and owners David and Connie Hwang are almost always on hand. The gallery is filled with such diverse work that it's difficult to imagine that nearly everything was created by one or the other of the husband-and-wife team.
But he noted Mizzou has fared well the last few years in the plenty-rugged Big 12.
One of the most reliable Southern rap hitmakers, Rick Ro$$ has scored with "B.M.F.," "Maybach Music" and "Hustlin’," among other Hot 97 favorites. His character is always the same — a gruff, punch-throwing bad guy with way more money than you’ve got — but he inhabits it with so much glee that it’s tough to resist.
"I told the kids, "You didn't know her and I didn't know her," "said Rokasy. "But she was a fellow teacher. To me, it was like I knew her -- a friend, like I had just lost a friend. That's what they wanted to know."
"You get that, and it is a death sentence," Elaine Bannon said.
We've also been known to dabble in DIY versions of both Jell-O and Pop-Tarts, recipes for which are plentiful on mommy blogs.
KABUL — A team of burqa-clad bombers and gunmen stormed a heavily guarded residential compound used mainly by Western contractors early Wednesday, killing seven people, including a carload of Afghan passers-by and a student on his way to school, officials said. All four attackers died as well.
School of Rock Summer Rock and Roll Boot Camp
<U+200B>7 Central Ave., Newark; (973) 621-9090.
Shad Khan, the new owner of the Jaguars, says the Jags wanted Tebow, but that Tebow didn't want the Jaguars.
Decades after revolutionizing the fitness world, Jane Fonda and Richard Simmons are back doing what they started: starring in exercise DVDs and teaching workout classes.
The standout is Atomic Cowboy, a Mexican restaurant in the Grove, which has pledged to donate every penny it takes in during lunch and dinner.
-- Melissa Kossler Dutton, Associated Press
‘‘I think that's healthy, and that's a good thing. That's where our success in Tampa came out of. A lot of adversity early. A lot of things didn't go our way. As Jerry likes to say, we survived our mistakes. But we learned from them. When we finally got together with the coaching staff and implemented that philosophy with what we were trying to do personnel wise, the thing kind of took off.''
Delia won't give up her personal food demon: french fries. So she devised a brilliant QuirkOut mantra: "Eating something healthy cancels eating something bad."
"I have never said I'm unwilling to sign a release relating to things that have been investigated," Schneiderman told the Daily News Editorial Board. "I've made it clear to them I would only sign a very narrow release."
You don’t want Michael P. Ghiglieri writing about your next vacation.
Kevin Dillard, the transfer from Southern Illinois Carbondale who finished with 18 points, made the three-point play that put Dayton up 62-60 in the final minute and the two free throws with 28 seconds left that put it up 64-61.
Kent responded that drinking bottled water was a choice and that the company was proud of its efforts to reduce waste through products like the plant bottle used for Dasani, which is made up of 30 percent plant materials.
"This had to be so very hard for him. And brave. He has crushed his hometown of Akron, going from the most beloved person in Ohio's history to its most despised with just a few words and a signature. But he just told you that he values winning above all else. Above ego and glory and brand and money and commercials and hometown and fans and comfort and fame. It is an unprecedented decision being made by a reigning two-time Most Valuable Player in his prime."
You decide: Is Armon Johnson the point guard of the future for the Blazers? Cast your vote and post your comments on why @AJALLDAY1 should stay or go.
It seemed only appropriate, then, to dedicate this last Wednesday Food section to dim sum, a Chinese dining tradition that has played a significant role in the Bay Area for decades.
Jellyfish are experiencing a moment, with the opening of "The Jellies Experience" at the Monterey Bay Aquarium and the periodic screening of footage of the hypnotic, sometimes psychedelically colored sea dwellers in Aurélien Fromont's acclaimed 2010 art film "Pulmo Marina" through June 17 at the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art.
David Tulanian
On normal days the Gilpin 911 center, built north of the gambling towns of Black Hawk and Central City, has one person taking 911 calls and dispatching deputies.
Christie and his family arrive here tomorrow morning for the start of a whirlwind tour of Israel that winds through Tel Aviv, stops in Tiberius and ends Thursday in the Golan Heights.
"He has youth and has respect for the game," VanEron said. "He's motivated the fans that are here."
But a report released Sunday by the state and city comptrollers says MTA needs to do a better job of keeping straphangers informed about changes that affect their rides. The report by New York State Comptroller Thomas DiNapoli and New York City Comptroller John Liu found that projects that disrupt subway lines often go over budget and that New York City Transit's efforts to publicize the service changes are inadequate.
Storms dropping as little as a quarter-inch of rain result in the release of an estimated 7 billion gallons of untreated sewage into waterways each year.
Each kit had a picture board with light blue- or gray-lined areas that were numbered for specific colors. The kits promised "a beautiful oil painting the first time you try"; they delivered, with mixed results.
Tiny meteorites found in the Sierra foothills were part of a giant meteoric fireball that exploded over the weekend with about one-third the explosive force of the atomic bomb dropped on Hiroshima, Japan, in World War II, scientists said Wednesday.
Outlook _ Record-setting QB Dalton Hewitt, the MCC Player of the Year in 2009, has moved on and is playing baseball at SEMO, leaving the keys to the Golden Griffins' high-scoring air attack to sophomore Brad Woodson. "Working the last four years with Dalton was an awful lot of fun,'' coach Gene Gladstone said. "But I really like what I've seen of Brad, too.'' The coach feels that Snyder (22 catches, 426 yards, 5 TDs) could emerge as one of the area's top wideouts. The Vianney ground game features Green, who combined for nearly 900 rushing-receiving yards and also picked off five passes last year. Green is joined by Gilmore LBs Andy Baker and Matt Guignon as defensive leaders for the Griffins.
Brave words, but after watching Chacin struggle all spring and then watching him implode on Monday, he looks like a pitcher who has lost his way.
For appetizer recipes and wine pairings, see page K4
His answer (and it applies to far more fields than science) is total transparency with the help of the Internet. The more light you shine, the less crime primates commit. Once everybody can see who's reviewing whose papers and grant applications, then not only will spite decline, but so will nepotism and reciprocity. Anonymity alters the cost-benefit balance in favor of competition; transparency alters it in favor of cooperation.
Jackson said the human eye no longer sees individual pictures under the faster speed, but a steady stream of clear images.
Porterfield resides in a Hamilton house on Louise Avenue, which he shares with his father, Gordon Porterfield, a retired Baltimore public schools teacher who has appeared in local theater.
The first passport book is my favorite souvenir. It has visas and border stamps from my honeymoon to Italy, Switzerland and France. I was the Register's military writer at the time, so the pages are filled with assignments to war games in South Korea and a trip to what was then West Germany.
Hey, Greg: The Royals signed Chen to a two-year deal worth $9 million with a chance to earn $2 million in roster and performance bonuses. The Indians are paying Lowe $5 million for one-year after acquiring him from Atlanta. The Braves assumed the rest of his $15 million contract. I'd call that a wash.
Baltimore's property tax rate, more than twice that of any other jurisdiction in the state, is unquestionably a drag on investment in the city. It needs to come down in general, and not just for homeowners — commercial investment, which leads to job creation, is held back by the tax rate, and rental housing, an important consideration in a city with a high poverty rate, is made more expensive by the high taxes. But it makes sense to target the limited funds slots will produce to homeowners. The city's best hope is for families and individuals to buy and improve undervalued properties and, bit by bit, turn around neighborhoods. Cutting the rate by 20 cents for homeowners makes the economics of such a proposition at least somewhat more feasible.
In a statement, the studio says, "As the subject matter of this alien invasion comedy bears no relation whatsoever to the recent tragic events in Florida, the studio altered the title to avoid any accidental or unintended misimpression that it might."
In a day when bold Asian flavors are all over menus, Nimearm-On's approach remains very French, with Thai flavors like lemongrass and magrut (kaffir) lime used subtly in classics like braised lamb shank ($16.95). Dishes like duck breast in a balsamic reduction ($18.95) and steak au jus ($22.95) give the menu an almost old-school Continental feel.
bigger than himself
In 2010, the board enforced an arbitration award from 2008 that ordered a Marion County jail deputy reinstated.
CLEVELAND, Ohio - The Plain Dealer this week launched a Northeast Ohio public golf course rating guide.
Lombardo and his designers oversell the Stone Age metaphor in the end. This Americanized version of Christopher Hampton's English translation and the cast need no such help.
The Internet giant took the unusual step of apologizing to users over the weekend for features in its new social networking service, Google Buzz, that some said violated their privacy. It also tweaked the product for the second time in less than a week.
Going and listening to stories (at the Restorative Listening Project) was the perfect way to really address these issues because we can all relate to stories. Even if we can't relate to the experience that someone is going through, you can relate to the idea of their story.
"Who is Enrique Pena Nieto, really?" Lopez Obrador asked, as he held up a photo of a grinning Pena Nieto alongside a politician accused of stealing public funds, and another with a widely disliked former president the leftist described as a power broker behind the PRI candidate.
Revisions. The Lakers' low-post defense was much improved in the second half. After giving the Nuggets 36 points in the paint in the first half, the Lakers shut it down to just 16 points in the final 24 minutes.
Jewelry that failed acceptable exposure standards published by CPSC last fall would be in violation. Those standards still have to be decided by members of committees at the private-sector organization ASTM International, which sets voluntary industry safety standards for everything from medical products to toys.
Once the height and shape are determined, it's time to choose from other design options that provide extra comfort. Some elevated toilet seats come with padding, which makes the seat soft and cushioned. Many toilet seat risers are equipped with built-in or removable arms and rails for support in getting on and off the toilet.
-- Number of users: 500,000
Newark grew by 1 percent, from 273,546 to 277,140 residents.
"The Marriott organization is the most preferred brand in the world," Peter Snavely said. "The Courtyard can deliver the building at a cost structure that enables a hotel to actually get built."
"He should own up to the fact for the last six years, he's voted Republican in every Republican primary," she said. "What bothers me is if he's hiding that, I hope he's not masking anything else. That concerns me."
Incredible Pizza Co.
High unemployment and strict lending requirements have kept many people from buying homes. And a record number of foreclosures are forcing home prices down, making other potential buyers fearful that the market has yet to hit bottom. Most economists don't expect home values to bottom out until midyear.
Strengths Johnson is thick, and it shows when he tackles. He is a form tackler and sure to bring runners down. He is strong and can shed blocks with ease, and he filled the gap quickly in Nevada's defense. He is instinctive and highly active on the field, and is smooth in his pass set. He reacts well to both run and pass and should develop into a starter.
Like Voinovich, FitzGerald favors developing certain "clusters" -- or emphasizing some sectors over others. It is not entirely clear from the proposal which industries FitzGerald has in mind. But, like Voinovich, FitzGerald does mention health care and medical technology and "supply chains" -- providing the research, parts and labor used by other companies.
Williams was a top player with a six-year, $86 million contract. A leg injury forced him to retire in 2000.
Kampe said he hopes the Titans view the Grizzlies potentially joining the conference as a win-win deal.
Figueroa and Garcia were taken to the Jersey City Medical Center where the victim positively identified them and his chain, reports said.
St. Mary's 537 2 — 17 9 3
A bachelor's degree in journalism, film, fine arts, media arts or equivalent
"I was overjoyed with tears," she said. "At that point, I was very sick, but God was good. I was able to see him play. It was the thrill of my life."
Russo said Dimora would take notes on schemes and then rip them into tiny pieces and throw them out of the window, one by one.
He says he seldom thought about this for most of their 31-year marriage. "It wasn't until I got into my 50s that I began to think about her sexual history and my lack of one. The idea that I've only had sex with one person in my life is tormenting me."
The attack is backfiring. And it shows how much of the old guard clings -- by virtue of rigor mortis -- to power and is willing to do anything to squash political dissent, independent thought or action.
So in 1943, she enlisted in the Army Nurse Corps, joining more than 59,000 other women who cared for U.S. wounded around the world during that conflict.
ø"I can't read very well now," says the actress, who recently went public with the news that she has vision-impairing macular degeneration.
"Bank of America should know better than to try to slip that one by under the guise of patriotism. Two hundred dollars should have yielded over $4K at 5 percent, or $8K at 6 percent.
Meanwhile, Smith tweeted Thursday that he was, "Watching the Clipper game in the airport," with the hashtag "#LoveTheUS." Also, his Twitter profile included a telling bio that read: "NYK? LAL? LAC?"
Hair continued to be the topic of conversation when it was Gov. Jon Corzine's turn to speak.
Oh, don't tell us you were working. If you're going to control your stress, you need to find a balance between work and play, and by "play" we mean spending hours managing your health care needs.
Cleveland will be hitting the road for the first time following a dreadful 1-4 homestand to open the season. The Indians had scored 14 runs and batted .153 in their first four games before losing 10-6 to Chicago on Wednesday.
Groza Award winner Randy Bullock of Texas A&M was the All-American kicker.
Today's second stage calls for a 133.2-mile ride from Squaw Valley to Sacramento starting at 10:15 a.m., with the finish expected around 3:30 p.m. at the state Capitol.
Alternative libations: If you prefer to go the nonalcoholic route, try one of their teas. They have both hot and iced green tea, the perfect drink with any Japanese meal, as well as regular iced tea. These are not a part of happy hour but range at a very low price between $1 and $2.50.
The victim, Victor Jerez of Buffalo, was flung over the car and landed out of camera range. He was taken to a Buffalo hospital, where he was treated for multiple injuries and released, police said.
NEW YORK -- Buck Showalter got his 1,000th victory as a major league manager, Brian Matusz ended his 11-month losing streak and the Baltimore Orioles beat the New York Yankees, 7-1, Tuesday night.
The Obama administration says it wants to focus deportation proceedings on gang members, criminals and others thought to be more dangerous than pregnant woman, students and long-time residents with no criminal history.
In fact, its polarizing personality and awesome product-placement opportunities make the Walmart Show look a lot like some of the most successful (and polarizing) shows in TV history. Pull up a $159 faux-leather recliner and stock up on your discount meds, we've got some watching to do.
"He wasn't paying with his checkbook; he was paying with his power and influence," Bacon said.
He's right, and the gloom from last summer's slowdown has carried over into many economists' 2012 forecasts. For two years in a row, the optimists have had to retreat from their forecasts; this year may be the pessimists' turn.
ATLANTIC CITY — Former Atlantic City Council president Craig Callaway was released from Southwoods State Prison on parole today.
In pushing for health care reform, President Barack Obama has said problems with the current health care system are a big cause of our economic troubles. He's even called the system, with its spiraling costs and inconsistencies in the amount and quality of care people get, a "ticking time bomb" for the federal budget.
Banks now fear getting stuck with that cost.
The Junior Kahoks Wrestling Club, started by Collinsville coach Tom Blaha, is about to wrap up its first season.
May 11: Mama's Day
Each dish is meticulously constructed so that it unfolds like a three-act play.
Wall Street's long-running story about how stocks are the best way to build wealth seems tired, dated and less believable to many individual investors. Playing the market isn't as sexy as it used to be. Since the 2008-09 financial crisis, the buy-now mentality has been replaced by a get-me-out, wait-and-see, bonds-are-safer line of thinking.
In the game against Twinsburg, Peter Rozman and Sherman Kruger combined to pitch a gem. Rozman started and pitched four innings as he gave up just two hits with a walk and five strikeouts. Kruger (4-0) relieved and got the win as he pitched three innings and gave up two hits with a walk and a strikeout.
At a City Council meeting Monday night, however, City Administrator Deanna Santana said the city had decided to abandon the arrangement and sign a contract directly with a licensed investigator.
Standing outside the big rig he sleeps in every night, he added: "The military killed the person he was."
ANSWERS: 1: b; 2: b; 3: b; 4: c (120 grams of sugar in 24 ounces)
That's despite the fact that Indiana lost a combined 48 years in seniority in its House delegation in the 2010 elections and will lose at least that much this year because of House members retiring or running for other offices.
The groups allege logging has killed or displaced murrelets and fragmented its habitat. In addition to directly harming the murrelets, reducing its habitat and logging near the edge allows predator jays and ravens access to raid murrelet nests, the groups allege.
"Early indications suggest that much of this traffic came from highly suspicious sources, implying that scalpers were using sophisticated computer programs to assault our systems and secure tickets with the sole intention of selling them in the resale market," the world’s largest ticket service said in a statement.
Several local merchants support this community event by selling tickets to the public: Tustin Stationers, Larwin Square on Newport; Acorn Naturalists, 155 El Camino Real; Chemers Art Gallery, 17300 E. 17th Street;; Pina's Bistro, 640 W First Street; Quinn's Old Town Grill, 405 El Camino Real; Scooter's Stationers, 1100 Irvine Blvd; and Soul at Home, 17612 E. 17th Street; as well as Tustin Senior Center, 200 S. C Street; and city of Tustin Parks and Recreation, 300 Centennial Way. Look for the counter card displaying the King and I logo to buy tickets.
The steps came with the Philippines locked in a standoff with China over competing territorial claims in the South China Sea that has stoked passions on both sides. The U.S. is a walking a delicate diplomatic line. It doesn't want the dispute to escalate, but it is showing where its strategic interests lie.
King of the Mississippi Longboard!
"We want a Democrat," Sen. Nicholas Scutari (D-Union), chairman of the Judiciary Committee, said Friday. "It would be nice to have a Democrat to replace a Democrat coming off the court."
Nanci Gonder, a spokeswoman for Attorney General Chris Koster, said the state's position hasn't changed.
In north St. Louis County, Uplands Park trustee Henry
He dismissed rumors that the teens were involved with drugs or gangs. Orange County detectives have discounted those theories, too, they said.
Councilman Gordon Shanks, the dissenting vote, said: "In all due respect to the relatives of the survivors, I really don't like seeing this at Eisenhower Park. It's so close to the pier."
His election-year vagueness on gay marriage is coming under fresh scrutiny.
On her MySpace page, Mee describes herself as a "female version of a hustla" and adds that "her heart is still in Vermont," where her father lives. She last logged into her page Sunday.
ø"I missed flipping pages for about a day," Haley says. "I don't have CD or DVD racks anymore. Having things stored in the cloud just fits my lifestyle."
Heading into the last 200, “it was just me stepping on the gas little by little,” Centrowitz said. “I was trying to hold a little bit back, not use too much.”
In the former guesthouse, Loo's 13-year-old daughter, Emmi, has her own colorful suite. On the other side of the foyer, in the original main house, is the great room, which Loo divided into two living areas.
National Pretzel Day ... and that was merely the beginning.
"Maybe we've got to take some more vitamins, some more energy drinks, whatever we've got to do. But I didn't like the start of the game."
The general, crisply attired in a tan camouflage uniform in his office at the Morelos army base, says the hunt for Garcia is nothing personal. He considers Garcia a dangerous psychopath, but just another crime boss whose career he is duty-bound to end.
18 SHIRELEAF CT $151,000
The governor said he never expected the issue to be a controversial item in a package of bills — he calls it his tool kit — that he insists will bring down property taxes.
For more mixed gatherings, pulling out a challenging wine is liable to slow things down.
That strength is evident among many of the national team standouts, particularly on the women's side, Mertz said.
In a news release issued Monday, the Mocks lash out at the dealer cancellations as "one of the greatest travesties of justice ever seen in the American judicial system." They also criticize auto company bosses who "were flying around the country in their corporate jets begging the federal government for handouts to perpetuate their inept management regimes."
Cookson, a Republican, said the bill only seeks to keep any discussion of sexual orientation out of the classroom and doesn’t specifically mention homosexuality. He believes schools should focus on core subjects, such as math and science, and leave everything else to parents.
Precisely.
Monday will mark the first time Fister has started against the Mariners since they dealt him to the Tigers last July, just before the trading deadline.
The recent downturn in the U.S. economy was accompanied by a modest decline in venture capital investments in the first quarter of 2008, with $7.1 billion going into 922 deals for U.S.-based companies, according to the latest MoneyTree report from the National Venture Capital Association.
Heisey was activated from the disabled list before the game. He had been out since Aug. 7 with a strained left oblique.
For more information or to register, call 636-970-3000.
One of the students allegedly used a master key to enter classrooms and signed on to computers to obtain the test; he was recommended for expulsion. The other eight students were suspended.
Now in her junior year, Katie has chosen a major that she is passionate about (ministry and leadership with a minor in psychology), but she said, "The thing that scares me most is graduating and not being able to find a job."
"The idea that they would change the time of an open meeting the first time they announced it publicly highlights the fact that they made the decision behind closed doors," said Catherine Turcer, of the government watchdog Ohio Citizen Action. "If you have created a voting session through e-mail, it's the same thing as a private meeting."
That consistency allowed Washington to make a late-season push to qualify for the playoffs as the No. 7 seed in the East. It also let the Capitals come back to eliminate the 2011 Stanley Cup champion Boston Bruins in the first round after trailing that series 2-1.
Plain Dealer reporter Alison Grant and the Associated Press contributed to this story.
Republican House leader John Boehner of Ohio said Pelosi's responses "continue to raise more questions than provide answers." He said it is "hard for me to imagine that anyone in our intelligence area would ever mislead a member of Congress."
Gone is the sister of the film's heroine, who up and vanishes 15 minutes into the movie. Gone is perhaps the heroine's sanity, since, absent any hard-and-fast evidence, she firmly believes that said sister was abducted by the same serial killer who may (or may not) have kidnapped her a year earlier.
Dr. Raj Nanduri, a forensic pathologist for the coroner's office, testified that Ryon's death was a homicide. Dr. Michael Graham, a forensic pathologist, and Dr. Harvey Cantor, a pediatrician and epilepsy specialist, said they had reviewed records and found no indication the boy had epilepsy.
Prosecutors had planned to call Steve Fehr, an attorney for the Major League Baseball players' union. Fehr was supposed to help show, in an indirect manner, that Clemens was aware that former Sen. George Mitchell had tried to contact Clemens when putting together the 2007 Mitchell Report on drug use in baseball.
There are 40 relays across Arizona this year, 10 more than last year.
It started at 9:58 a.m. and stemmed from an argument that started a week before over a boy, said Dave Marken, superintendent of Newark schools.
The children’s mother, Natalie, 33, who is Ann Jefferson’s daughter, and three of her children escaped. Her eight-year-old son, Jordan, was burned and is in stable condition in the burn unit at Saint Barnabas Medical Center in Livingston, a spokeswoman said.
Howard Miller, chief of business services at the labor department, has overseen the program since 2008. He said the department has asked companies to do the extra research required to submit realistic and modest estimates of how much training will cost. If their bills come in under the estimate, labor department officials free up those funds to help more businesses. When a company successfully trains and hires new employees, it can reapply for another round of state funding.
"I'm just trying to keep my mind busy," Williams said. "I'm doing so much it keeps me staying in the moment."
Diaz-Bridges had been cooperating with the detectives and intended to provide a confession at that point, the court said.
WHERE TIMING IS EVERYTHING
After seven seasons in Portland, Przybilla was traded to Charlotte on Feb. 24 with Dante Cunningham and Sean Marks for Gerald Wallace. In five games with Charlotte, Przybilla is averaging 1.8 points and 4.8 rebounds in 14.8 minutes.
"It was a matter of mental toughness, and some of it is maturity as well," said Rams coach Lindsay Gilbert, who likes her team's prospects for the future. "But Lutheran moved the ball really fast and hit well."
That leaves us with another alarming assertion: "Medicare will be bankrupt in nine years, but Washington politicians, like Sherrod Brown, are ignoring the problem, putting their own re-elections first."
By 2005, though, Sorel was ready for a makeover.
“If they’re doing that against other people, it’s going to be a scary season for the rest of us,” Robinson told The Oregonian. “That’s the best first quarter I’ve ever seen. I mean, come on? Have you seen a better first quarter than that? That’s phenomenal. I don’t know what they shot, but it was ridiculous. If they shoot like that against everybody, there isn’t anybody who’s going to beat them.”
"Furnaces can range from $2,000 for a basic unit installation to over $5,000 for the best high-performance furnace installation," Moody said. "Since a new furnace should serve your family for at least 15 years, you really have to do your homework."
The story does not end there.
On a camping trip to Wales, Jerry proposed. This time, he wanted a monogamous relationship. "I had had my fun and sowed my wild oats without too serious consequences, and I was older, hopefully wiser, and realized I had found the love of my life.
Over the next few months fundraisers — including a walkathon and a poker tournament — will be held at Rutgers, in Warren Township and at the University of Delaware, where Schmidt’s sister, Stephanie, is a freshman.
Talbott (“Slipping,” also with Numrich) is trying to show a family unable to escape an endless cycle of hardship and despair. Occasionally he comes up with insights, as when Jer, looking vulnerable with his pink cheeks and flannel jacket, says he wants to go to Disneyland — to work and “control the rides,” not just have fun.
3. River Hill, 258
The announcement, however, did little to appease Phillipsburg school officials, who are still angry that their district was passed over for a new high school.
Sharon Manuel & Ken Stevens
Black said he hopes more people learn that the donor experience isn't scary.
Department officials "enter into new leases at their own peril," he said.
Hillsboro at Glencoe at Hare Field
More than a few people are cynical enough to think that was a suspension in all but name. The theory is denied on all sides, but at least one dream came true when Jordan simply went away for a while, which enabled the NBA to avoid the public disgrace Rose brought to baseball.
"We had a good bill coming in," Grantham said. "Now we don't. We have a wedge. ... That's unfortunate."
Asked whether he thought the suspension would change the way some players operate on the ice, Morris said he wasn't sure and cited the NHL's inconsistency in its discipline.
Jeffrey Osborne: 8 p.m. Sound Board at MotorCity Casino Hotel, 2901 Grand River, Detroit. 313-237-7711. $36, $38.
When asked about a definitive return, he said he "was not even speculating."
Until last year, Mr. Phillips regularly went to his Ocean City office to review nightly sales reports, said John Knorr, senior vice president of Phillips Foods and Seafood Restaurants. "He was our business guy," Mr. Knorr said. "Shirley was all about the food and hospitality. Brice was steering the ship."
Q Not to belabor the point, but why does anyone need a pencil in the age of the digital tablet?
The cafe is run by the Greenwood-based Center for Global Impact. The faith-based nonprofit built the restaurant, bakery and 12 cooking stations to serve as a culinary institute for young women who have few opportunities in the villages where they were born.
"They were able to travel abroad quite a bit," Bruce Knox said.
If a refund takes more than two to three billing cycles and the company that owes you the money isn't responding, you may want to ask your credit card company to get involved. A bank with a competent dispute department can help you reverse the charges and secure a fast refund, if you can show a company is holding on to your money.
If you're taking on the entire challenge, most elements of these recipes can be made ahead. The potatoes, for example, can be stuffed and refrigerated the night before. Simply heat them in the oven until warmed through, and finish them under the broiler.
When Super Bowl hero Mario Manningham packed his bags and headed west to San Francisco, questions loomed about who would step in and step up, a la Victor Cruz did last season when Domenik Hixon tore his ACL.
"She was so happy, I didn't want to spoil it for her," Ed said. But Renee knows her husband. She finally turned to him and said, "OK. What's wrong?"
A 2010 posting mentioned the radioactive element thorium was useless in making bombs. Another, from 2006, said, "I can't wait till the day I snap."
“That’s when the pain first started,” he said. “My whole elbow was really, really sore, and it stayed like that for the rest of the year. I got an injection, but it didn’t really help too much. I was icing it after every game, just figuring some of the pain would go away.”
Reserve as many wide husks as you can (you'll need 12 to 16) and blanch them for about 3 minutes in boiling water. Cool for couple of minutes, then arrange 3 to 4 blanched husks per fillet on a baking sheet, overlapping the husks and pressing them together, rubbing the tops with a little olive oil to help them stay together.
Somewhat of a ’tweener: Will he be 3-4 rush linebacker, which he played at Alabama, or 4-3 end, which he did in sub packages? The more scouts look at tape, the more they see him as a right end in NFL, in part because of his questionable cover skills.
Asked if he had spoken with Buehrle before his start about the importance of going deep in the game, Guillen said: "He knows. I didn't have to."
"We are all working harder to get to state this season," Solomon said. "Every Monday we have a meeting where we write down our goals for that week, then on Monday we check how we did. If we beat them, then we reset them."
Instructions: Fill a pot with enough water to submerge the beets and bring to a boil. Cut the stems and leaves from the beets and set aside. Place beets in the pot and simmer over medium-low heat until tender when pierced with a fork, about 40 minutes.
"It seems like people are talking about it, but I wanted to see what people are going to do about it," said Johnson, a senior at Mel Carnahan High School of the Future.
Flacco, Rice, Oher and some of the others did it last year, too, so perhaps they've refined their server skills.
Diagnosing the problem
Naranjo's children said they were shocked to learn from Tribune reporters that Song and his wife owned substantial property. The four Naranjo siblings were awarded $8,250 apiece from their mother's $50,000 life insurance policy after paying an attorney $17,000 to handle their family claim, probate court records show.
While all except Adobe Systems (ADBE) and LeapFrog Enterprises in the Consumer IT sector enjoyed a double-digit jump in sales over the previous year, it was Apple that hogged the growth spotlight, seeing sales rise 68 percent. eBay chalked up sales growth of 27 percent, while OpenTable saw sales rise 41 percent.
Terra Nova High School is accepting applications for coaches for next year's sports season.
Despite the hard work, Lorenzen said, the event was worth it and she looks forward to organizing it next year.
In March, the company announced it was replacing battery modules and battery packs that could fail because of a manufacturing defect.
Solar highways could be another significant piece. They are more common in Europe but didn't come to the United States until 2008 in suburban Portland.
Bajaj, a former colleague, serves as president of Sangari Global Education, according to a company website. Cerf was CEO of Sangari Education before he was tapped by Gov. Chris Christie to become the state’s top educator.
Even so, this isn't the Hughes who won 18 games in 2010.
Then there’s Wright, the Mets’ last remaining icon. Last week, former Mets skipper Davey Johnson, now leading the Nationals, publicly wondered why the Mets would not extend Wright, who has a $16 million team option (against a $1 million buyout) for next year.
Estes assured me in a phone conversation that they are "working on" the drink issue, and that regular coffee should soon be available.
Sentencing of Phillips-Olivier is scheduled for Feb. 22.
Ben Golliver: Another lost season. We should keep in mind that Oden's rehab from his December 2009 knee surgery was supposed to take six months. He hadn't yet returned to the court before he suffered another injury and underwent a more significant surgery 11 months later. His timeline was originally placed at 12 months to recover from this season's microfracture surgery. History dictates that you should take the over. Putting all your eggs in Oden's basket is the definition of risky business, but do the Blazers have a choice?
Then, in an effort to be believed and understood, the woman who had held office as an Alameda County supervisor for little more than a year sent us one more email:
"These young guys will learn that every coach you are going to play for is going to be high-strung," said veteran Tony Battie, who has played for seven teams in his 14 seasons. "When your job is to win games you live and you breathe every play, every game. And then when you hit rough patches throughout the season it gets worse. As players sometimes we get a little oversensitive, especially when we're losing. You don't want to panic, but it is there. It's his job to correct us and to right the ship. I don't buy too much into it. Every locker room has its ins and outs, its good times and bad times. As they say, you can't get too high and you can't get too low. Right now, the sea is calm and things are good, and we're in a positive direction mentally in this locker room, and we're looking forward to playing Chicago."
That conclusion is based on data collected from the Department of Defense as the result of two Freedom of Information suits filed by the Veterans Services Clinic at Yale Law School on behalf of its clients, Vietnam Veterans of America.
Price isn't in custody. He has returned to Fort Polk and is serving with his unit, the 10th Mountain Division, while the desertion charge is processed, said Kliem, the senior prosecutor who handles criminal prosecutions at the Louisiana base.
The trial was interrupted briefly Thursday morning when Assistant U.S. Attorney David MacLaughlin accused Durand of "indirect witness tampering" after learning that he had called the widow of one of Boltan's in-laws and said she was spreading lies about him, "smearing him," and asked her to testify on his behalf. Durand knew the message would get back to Boltan, MacLaughlin said.
Still, the Beebes decided against an open floor plan with a kitchen in full view of the family and dining areas. They wanted serene spaces separate from the chaos of dirty pots and pans. Hence, the formal living room opens to a fountain on one patio.
In the damp chill, under a single bare lightbulb outside the Coast Guard boathouse, Foehner turned the body sideways. The man wore a black T-shirt and olive-colored trousers. His shirt was up around his chest, and his pants were pulled up around his knees. He probably hit feet first.
Perhaps the pitch was a bit low. Perhaps bringing an already struggling Davis off the bench in another crucial situation is a move worthy of a second-guess. Perhaps two losses in one day shouldn’t fall solely on the shoulders of the team’s 25-year old slugger.
"People forget that when apples ripen is really affected by what the weather was like when the apples first formed," explained Ann Wofford, executive director of the Apple Hill Growers Association. "The week before Memorial Day, we had snow!"
"We have faith in God that we will be allowed to have this treat," said Rogelio Montes de Oca, 72, as he stood outside the Cathedral in Old Havana. "Not every country will have the chance to see him physically and receive his blessing."
To date, much of the key information revealed in the case has been the result of law enforcement leaks, or media reporting. The nation has been thirsting for details in the case -- fueled in part by civil rights activists who believe racism might have played a role in the killing and a media machine in overdrive.
“Just wanted to let him know what we were looking for and see what he was looking for, and talk about if the combination could fit,” McMillan said. “Basically, what I talked to him about was him playing the four and the five, playing alongside of LaMarcus, and if and when Greg returns, I think he can play with Greg.
That depends on the economy, the convention industry, bond markets and the travel business. Now you can see why the hotel makes politicians wilt.
Though the initiative went smoothly, the entrepreneurs don't plan to participate in crowdfunding again—at least not anytime soon—because they say it would send the wrong message to their supporters. "If we asked for more money, that would be far-fetched," says Mr. Gaffney. "We don't think people would donate twice."
No, it's cool because this is the real deal, the echt automobile, the genuine article (excepting the fact what I'm driving is actually a factory-built replica of the vehicle that's in the Deutsches Museum in Munich). And from this over-tall seat you can feel all the familiar tinglings, the infatuating sensations of the automobile, pared to their essences. Why did the automobile succeed? And why is it still succeeding, in places like China and India, where citizens are mortgaging their meager lives to get a car? Here truth is revealed: The pleasure of cars isn't about high-end audio systems and heated seats. It's about mechanically multiplied self-determination. Free will with leverage.
On Thursday, Roumain will be a special guest at Word Jam — the kickoff event of NJPAC’s Alternate Routes Hip-Hop Festival. The composer will improvise musical accompaniment for the hosts’ introductory poems.
Created by a few million years of lazy tectonic slip along the San Andreas Fault (it's only a matter of time before Cabo ends up next to Bakersfield), the Sea of Cortez is widely considered the youngest sea on the planet. Equally important in its history and ecology: There is no water, at least no reliable, regular source - springs are rare and, in some parts, rain occurs less frequently than Easter.
It concluded, based on interviews with more than 1,200 soldiers and Marines, that because of repeated deployments, troops were increasingly likely to have experienced traumatic events in combat — being wounded, suffering through explosions, seeing comrades killed or wounded, killing the enemy.
"You need three things," he said, as if it were yesterday. "You need a detonator or booster of 2 pounds or so to set the main charge off, which in turn can set off a charge of 700 pounds or more."
The 487,000-acre Sonoran Desert park is known for its majestic saguaro cacti and villages that were inhabited by several Native American tribes. The smaller 129,000-acre Ironwood Forest monument has been a major attraction for its 800-year-old ironwood trees and houses 200 ancient Hohokam sites.
Happy smashing.
David Valentine, research associate professor at the University of Missouri Truman School of Public Affairs, says the state will miss out on $1.4 billion in potential revenue in the next three years.
Rice's evolution since joining the NFL has carried him to the peak of his position. Last season, Rice was the only NFL player to accumulate 2,000 yards from scrimmage. He ran for 1,364 yards and hauled in a team-high 76 passes for 704 yards. Rice scored 15 touchdowns last season.
The blind dissident left unclear in his phone call whether he was seeking permanent political asylum or wished to accept an apparently unraveling deal — negotiated by U.S. officials — that would have allowed him to remain in China with promises that the government would leave him alone and not continue to punish him.
Perhaps it was similar advice that led Fewell to design the game plan for the regular-season meeting with the Pats.
A police spokesman said officers arrested Daniel Thomas Hicks about 11 a.m. Monday after a phone trace indicated that Hicks might be in the area.
Place: Newark Liberty International Airport Marriott
It shouldn't be a problem finding folks writing them off for their next game. The Rams face top-seeded Kansas on Sunday with a spot in the Final Four on the line. The Jayhawks advanced with a 77-57 rout over Richmond; they are the only No. 1 seed left in the tournament.
"It was one of those meet-and-greet, have an hors d'oeuvre and a glass of wine kind of things,'' said Gladys R. Haynes, national chairwoman of the DAR's committee for veterans services. "He said he headed up this group of Navy veterans, and then a check from him came for $2,500.''
Cantor, who held a $2,500-per-person fundraiser in Silicon Valley prior to his Facebook appearance, said he would rather put "capital into the hands" of companies to create jobs, rather than giving government the money. He didn't want government picking "winners and losers" in the economy, he added.
The Air Force captain angled his joystick and the drone veered toward the fighting taking place half a world away, where it was already morning. He powered up two Hellfire missiles under its wings and ordered a crew member responsible for operating the drone's cameras to search for enemy fighters.
McLeod's wines had been well-received, although overshadowed by the daredevil style of Napa's top cult wines. The winemaking had, to Coppola's mind, become too technocratic - too far from the classic style that had defined Inglenook. It no longer reflected the possibilities of the Bale loam soils that had a century-long track record.
The reaction to the mural project has surprised the detention center staff. On NFL opening night, they expected few teens to choose the mural work over the football game.
So did the National Book Awards committee. Everyone's thrilled about "Lips Touch" being a finalist, and Taylor and DiBartolo are off to New York for a few days of events leading up to the awards ceremony Wednesday night. They've got some new projects waiting back home in the yellow house -- another young-adult novel for Taylor, an online comic DiBartolo is illustrating, a book for younger readers they're doing together and are excited about. Taylor writes in a small, brightly painted room. DiBartolo's studio is up a narrow set of stairs.
Service: 3 1/2 stars (very good)
Oh, never mind. Forget Hugh, grab a fistful of quarters yourself and see the real South Bay. Here, as part of our Southern California Close-Ups series, are seven micro-itineraries in Redondo Beach, Hermosa Beach and Manhattan Beach, along with tips for LAX (about seven miles north) and Marina del Rey (about 12 miles north). We'll tell you what to pay for an hour on a beach cruiser (that's a bike, not a person); where to sleep by the airport; why fish and ice cream belong together in Manhattan Beach; and why Jay Leno slips away to Hermosa Beach most Sunday nights.
It was the fourth time this week that the Dow gained more than 100 points. The Dow's 648 point gain for the week is its largest since the bull market began in March 2009. It is up 8.7 percent for the year, about 2 percent below its April high. The S&P is up 6.5 percent for the year. It had been up as high as 8.4 percent.
"Clearly, he was just the governor in a moment in a radio conversation, saying something that really shouldn't overly distract us," Pérez said.
"That's my one and only goal, not only for myself but for our team," said Wood, whose family moved to Colorado from Temecula, Calif., two years ago.
SAN FRANCISCO -- Google Inc.'s $12.5 billion deal to buy cellphone maker Motorola Mobility Holdings Inc. is aimed at giving the Internet search leader more legal firepower as it battles Apple Inc. and Microsoft Corp. to gain the upper hand in the increasingly important mobile computing market.
"My body really needed this break. Just to recover and get healthy," Horst said. "It was just general soreness. I've gotten over most of the serious injuries and now it's just getting the legs 100 percent healthy again."
A U.S. official told the Los Angeles Times that the serviceman now in custody in the latest shootings is a 38-year-old father of two who has spent 11 years in the Army.
Phelps has five world records in five finals. He's making it look so effortless I'm not sure we're properly appreciating the degree of difficulty. And that was none too evident by the shrugs of the world Wednesday when Phelps overcame a healthy amount of adversity in the pool -- he said after he couldn't see the wall on the turns -- and still got out of the water in perfect shape.
U.S. District Judge Gladys Kessler accepted the CIA's arguments that the fifth volume entitled the "CIA's Internal Investigations of the Bay of Pigs Operations" did not even pass through the first stage of a multilayer review process. The volume represented a proposal by a subordinate member of the history staff that was rejected by the chief historian as containing significant deficiencies, the CIA argued.
"A mother's worst nightmare is to have to have to bury their son," Lutke said. "I have to thank the prosecutor's office for helping me in those first horrible, dark days."
The troupe's first big hit, that production marked the first time a Stages show sold out. Stages also staged "A Chorus Line" in 2000.
That number is about to grow. Joplin voters earlier this month approved a $62 million bond issue that will be combined with insurance money and federal aid to build storm shelters at every school. The shelters will double as gyms, classrooms or kitchens.
Just before 5 p.m. Sept. 19, Free Press reporter John Wisely filed a FOIA request seeking severance documents for Turkia Awada Mullin, who left her job as the county's economic development boss in early September to become CEO of Metro Airport. Wisely had received a tip that Mullin had received a large severance when she voluntarily left her county job.
Friends and relatives who posted remembrances of Coyman on websites after his death recalled the brighter side of his life, including a fondness for Irish song, loyalty to family and an affinity for the local horse track.
But several council members agreed with the group that the fight against graffiti has to begin at home - and has to involve parents who aren't afraid to punish their children for doing wrong.
After causing a brief crash in Apple stock, sparking investor confusion and withdrawing its own initial public offering Friday, the high frequency trading exchange BATS Global Markets seems to be glitch-free Monday.
Along with the honorees and gala chairs, we also spotted: Jerry and Peggy Ritter; Carol and Bert Walker; Marsha Rusnack; Donna Wilkinson; Steve and Crystal O'Loughlin; Bob and Kathy O'Loughlin; Mary and David Steward II; Tom Voss; Missouri Public Service Commissioner Kevin Gunn and his wife, attorney Amy Collignon Gunn; new, first-time grandparents, Stanford and Mueriel Carp; St. Louis License Collector Mike McMillan; Ida Goodwin Woolfolk; Noemi Neidorff; Kiku Obata; Ellen Soule; Norma Stern; Janet Conners; and Lee Kling.
"A minimum exchange rate is an extreme measure only to be introduced in a situation of massive overvaluation with the aim of averting the worst developments," Jordan told the SNB's annual shareholders' meeting.
Much of The Plain Dealer's coverage focused on the miniscule amount of money that the state receives for this information. State law only allows the government to recoup the funds used to provide the data, which means they may not charge these companies more. While it is outrageous that our privacy is sold for fractions of a cent, would it be less troubling if the state earned $5 for our most private information? How about $10?
The appellate court remanded the case to U.S. District Judge William Stiehl, directing him to vacate one of the convictions, recalculate Peel's sentencing range and resentence him.
From his home on San Juan Island -- about 30 miles off the Washington mainland -- Lyman Cutler spotted the pig rooting through his potato patch, grabbed his musket and fired the fatal round.
Meanwhile the corps continued its controversial flood-fighting. The blast Monday night was the first of three planned along the Birds Point Levee. The first was to let the water in. The second and third would allow it to flow out downstream.
Motto assumed that the directors would listen to the mental health community, and then act accordingly. He could not imagine he would be speaking before the board in the 1970s, the 1980s, the 1990s and again in 2005.
The focus of the marches continued to center on the travails of the "99 percent" that make up America's poor and working classes. But Tuesday's demonstrations included activists representing issues ranging from education funding shortages, environmental degradation and immigrants' rights.
8 a.m.-midnight today-Sat.,
Anthony and Stoudemire were options on the final play, but it was Anthony who got open.
7815 Greenback Lane, Citrus Heights
Della Fave said the car was impounded after an inspection revealed it did not have an EZ-Pass transponder and its license plates were displayed inside the vehicle.
That .880 winning percentage in home-opening games is the best in the NFL.
If that doesn't work, Christie suggested a call from the state education commissioner might.
The president of the Missouri Botanical Garden now can safely guess that there are about 400,000 known plants. But that's only because the garden two years ago completed a massive online database dubbed the Plant List.
Shortly after the bodies were found, Cleveland Mayor Frank Jackson met with Renee Cash. She said Jackson told her he was concerned that her business had been affected and said he would help her in anyway he could.
In a conference call with reporters, David Axelrod, a senior adviser to the Obama campaign, said the campaign would devote its May advertising to a positive message touting Obama’s accomplishments but was prepared to respond to criticism from "the Karl and Koch brothers’ contract killers over there in super PAC land."
Growers do say that large plants can be divided. You may find yours was created with several cuttings in the first place, so you need only gently separate their roots. If it's one big plant, it can be cut in two and the halves repotted. Let halves dry two days before you repot them, then keep in a cool shady place and don't water for two weeks.
The court announced in January that it would allow a test of cameras in Illinois courts. Eleven counties and four circuits around the state are participating in the pilot program.
The initial evidence points to a collision with a larger ship, although authorities said Monday that they are looking at all possibilities.
While they protested, the Marion County Alcoholic Beverage Board voted to recommend that the state Alcohol & Tobacco Commission approve permits for three other locations: 3473 Kentucky Ave., 4001 N. High School Road and 8350 Michigan Road.
(05-07) 20:20 PDT WASHINGTON (AP) --
Panelists stressed that people should be tested to make sure they don't have HIV before starting therapy with Truvada. Patients who already have the virus and begin taking Truvada could develop a resistance to the drug, making their disease even more difficult to treat. The experts grappled with how to protect patients while avoiding hurdles that could discourage them from seeking treatment.
It came down to his belief that he could help the job-rich county continue to prosper economically.
"People may postpone hitching up during uncertain times, but eventually hormones take over," Buffett wrote in the letter to shareholders in his investment company Berkshire Hathaway. "And while 'doubling-up' may be the initial reaction of some during a recession, living with in-laws can quickly lose its allure."
We'd like our readers to weigh in on this one. Just cast a vote in our poll in this post, or leave a comment below.
A car going 93 mph on Route 202 at 2 a.m. on April 8, caught the attention of Patrolman Robert Riva, police said. The driver, Istvan Janos Takacs, 51, of Readington Township, was eventually charged with speeding and driving while intoxicated.
Legislative meddling is rarely a good thing, but if the two largest schools in the state so want to leave most of the rest of the state's schools behind, perhaps they should be forced to schedule at least two of them in football every year and even more in basketball and other sports.
Reporters and photographers crowded into a small office to pick up the six boxes of emails - 24,199 pages and weighing 100 pounds. Some carried boxes down the stairs and others, wheeling them on dollies, scrambled to be the first ones to reach elevators.
For many years, Chertok served as a deputy to the father of the Soviet space program, Sergei Korolyov. He was closely involved in putting the world's first satellite in orbit on Oct. 4, 1957, and preparing the first human flight to space by Yuri Gagarin on April 12, 1961.
The damage occurred sometime between 2-8 a.m. May 1.
Columbia regained the lead in the third inning, which started with a leadoff double to by Dake. Hayden Landgraf's RBI double down the left-field line tied the score at 2-2. Landgraf moved to third base and scored on a one-out grounder by Schlemmer.
And he added, in an echo of the "compassionate conservatism" of George W. Bush, who hired him as director of the Office of Management and Budget in 2001:
Second, House Republicans will pursue a broad offensive against Obama's health care reform. Given the election outcome and public polling on the issue, Republicans are feeling no fear or hesitance. The House will vote for repeal -- which, once again, will go nowhere with the Senate or the president. So Republicans will try to block funding for the implementation of health care reform. And they are planning a series of high-profile oversight hearings to highlight the current and likely effects of Obamacare: premium increases, new burdens on state budgets and a higher-than-expected "dumping rate" as employers push their workers into the public health system. The objective here is to make the case for eventual repeal before most of the public subsidies go into effect in 2014, which would entrench the system.
Within weeks of the January confrontation, Martin's investigation ran aground when he was diagnosed with leukemia. He told no one on the commission of the illness that was to quickly overwhelm him. Likewise, he told no one that he hadn't contacted law enforcement agencies about the Neuhard situation.
Three South Bay residents - Theo Mavromatis, Kevin Rudolph and William Reed Johnson Jr. - were among the four-man crew aboard the Aegean, a 37-foot sailboat that crashed in waters off the Mexico-U.S. border early Saturday morning during a yacht race from Newport Beach to Ensenada.
Two of them had career highs, Le'Bryan Nash with 27 and Brian Williams with 22, to pave the way for OSU.
Dozens of municipalities lining the Passaic River, from Summit and New Providence to Paterson, Passaic and Newark, were also named in the Tierra countersuit, which accused the state of ignoring the untreated municipal wastewater that flowed directly into the river for the majority of the last century.
Schaefer said no additional legislation would be needed to change the program.
Sacramento Mayor Kevin Johnson, NBA Commissioner David Stern and the Maloof family, which owns the Kings, emerged from three days of talks in Orlando, Fla., — where they had been negotiating all weekend during All-Star festivities — to announce that the framework of a deal had been reached.
How? Will he throw a negative-one hitter?
Michael Roberts said the recession hurt the hotel business as conventions declined, and a drop in advertising hurt TV ad sales. Their real estate holdings in some cases have fared better, they stressed, and are poised to make money in the recovery.
The differences between the two party's platforms in this election will offer "the clearest choice that the American people have had in a long time," Biden said. "It's not your father's Republican Party."
But this time, unlike the central narrative of the 2011-12 season, the best in franchise history, a year in which they won more games than ever and earned never-before-seen respect, the Texans did not triumph.
Yet to Greenpeace, its activists' actions demonstrated the "vulnerability of nuclear installations to aerial threats."
If there's strength in numbers, though, maybe releasing four CDs simultaneously will shine more light on Horvitz's place on the modern music map.
Davis was the Associated Press national Coach of the Year in 2008 when he was at Drake. He then went to Providence, where he coached three seasons before being fired last March.
While Kasich blamed previous governors for over-promising funds for ODOT projects, it is worth noting that Wray previously served as ODOT's director from 1991 to 1999 under governors George Voinovich and Bob Taft. Also former Gov. Ted Strickland, when he took office in 2007, raised concerns over whether ODOT had enough money to cover planned projects.
Surveys of Chinese factory executives shaded an uneven picture: A government-sanctioned report said that manufacturing there gained momentum for a fourth straight month.
Dr. Dennis Durbin, a pediatric emergency room physician at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia and the Pediatrics report's chief author, acknowledges that some parents and children may balk at aspects of the new policy. Durbin is a father who understands that older kids are expert negotiators.
It was provided today to The Star-Ledger and the Record through U.S. Freedom of Information Act requests.
Nattily dressed in kilts and tuxedo tops, the four men -- including co-founder Paul Magid and three more recent recruits -- manipulate the usual white pins in their latest show, "4Play." Not only do they do it at a sustained clip and in complex, mind-boggling patterns, but they also throw and catch a dizzying variety of unexpected things -- including "terror objects" such as a meat cleaver, an egg, a well-shaken bottle of Champagne stripped of its safety wire, and a frozen chunk of dry ice.
"It was a (short) walk from the hotel, nice and calm," said Marty Ramirez, a volunteer who's now a Humane Society investigator. "Until you opened the door." The sound of 500 dogs barking was unlike anything he'd ever heard. It was just one of the challenges that forced volunteers to rotate every week.
Riders must swipe their credit card at the kiosk to unlock a bike. A deposit is held on the bike until it is returned, but the first half hour is free.
Additionally, economic studies suggest that a job in the chip industry may create as many as five additional jobs, according to Beleiciks.
The group decided that:
In return for the care, the troops get the occasional donated meal or a hug from patients, plus valuable training. Their work is part of a program that sends guard members and reservists into some of America's poorest communities, where they learn to set up health clinics and other projects and deal with large numbers of people, just as they might do after a natural disaster or in a foreign county.
Stir the milk and the remaining <U+FFFD> cup sugar in a medium saucepan over low heat just until the sugar dissolves and the milk is lukewarm. Whisk the eggs in a medium bowl until blended. Slowly whisk into the milk mixture. Whisk in the vanilla, cinnamon and salt. Pour the custard mixture into the prepared ramekins.
Oliphant is part of a small force of behind-the-scenes people who live and work for the Shuttlecocks — the Shuttlecock entourage, if you will.
Quiner noted that the medical board has gained prominence because of the controversy about telemedicine systems that deliver abortion pills. The issue erupted about three years ago, when Planned Parenthood of the Heartland pioneered a system to allow big-city doctors to distribute abortion pills to patients in small-town clinics. The doctor communicates with the patient via a video link, then presses a computer button that opens a drawer in front of the patient. The patient reaches in the drawer and pulls out pill bottles. She takes the first pill as the doctor watches via video. Then she goes home, takes the remaining pills and has what amounts to an induced miscarriage.
"But this recession puts it out two or three more years. ...We had originally talked about 2012 to 2014, so I think it's well beyond that," Rose said.
In response to criticism that regulators have made it difficult to lend, Bernanke says the Fed is taking a "balanced approach" in supervising banks.
Newly introduced technology improves the redesigned 2012 Dodge Charger SRT8's drivability and efficiency without watering down the rawness that made the previous SRT8 a blast to drive.
Fortunes convicted: An Aloha couple have been convicted of charges that followed a 2010 officer-involved shooting. Dale Fortune, 63, was found guilty of three misdemeanor charges Wednesday in Washington County Circuit Court. His wife, Sue Anne Fortune, pleaded guilty to one county of interfering with a police officer.
Adrianna's aunt received a 45-year sentence. Her uncle got only two years for the same crime. A judge decided the case in secret.
"At the San Diego Police Department and the DA's Gang unit, Ozvie is something of a legend and a hero," said deputy District Attorney Robert Hickey.
3. Esther Hoffberg (Reisterstown), 54:12
Kris Baxter, a spokeswoman for Tempe, said the city believed that Bridgestone's main concern was that boats on Town Lake could get near the dam and puncture it. The city responded to the concern by stringing a line of buoys across the lake to prevent boats from getting close to the dam.
Judicial races. My hobbyhorse, of sorts, since nobody else seems to want to cover the most important public officials we elect. Still weighing whether appointing Superior Court judges and having them stand for reconfirmation would be a better selection process.
"The success of the new entertainment and sports complex depends on complete trust and partnership among all parties. It was with that spirit that we all agreed to a deal in Orlando, including the Maloof family, who looked an entire room in the eye and promised their commitment to Sacramento."
maintain it, insure it, and then the client signs a long-term lease for the electricity that comes off of it," he said.
Hey, Mary Kay: I keep hearing all this talk about LBs playing the Will, Mike and Sam positions. I have always wondered what is the difference between them? -- Kyle Williams, Coldwater, Ohio
In the final round, the UCLA-bound Knapp went out with a 6-under 30, and he finished the tournament with 13 birdies and one eagle.
In 2008 a 32-year-old woman had to be taken off the Gypsy Blood by helicopter 34 miles off Barnegat Light when she became unconscious after surfacing from a scuba dive. Francine Sinotski was flown to Jersey Shore University Medical Center in Neptune, where she was in stable condition the next day.
I don't know him and I'm not getting paid to say this, but this is one committed owner. He's shown a willingness to spend whatever it takes of the mortgage money homeowners have paid him to get the talent to win a title. And unlike Jerry Jones of our beloved Dallas Cowboys, he doesn't meddle.
WASHINGTON, D.C. The Ohio State Medical Association, which represents a majority of doctors in Ohio, this afternoon announced its opposition to the current health care reform bill working its way rapidly through the U.S. House of Representatives.
Record: 20-11
- When there is significant new information that you truly believe would have impacted the admissions decision, such as a debate championship, national award or honor or a dramatic increase in your most recent test scores.
During her pregnancy, she said her new baby helped her feel more connected to her late husband.
"If I'm able to sell through my phone, and I don't have to walk out my door, it saves me time, and it's convenient," says Jeanne Chan, who runs the blog Shop Sweet Things and has sold a Louis Vuitton bag and Michael Kors boots using Poshmark.
On his website, the 69-year-old St. Cloud area resident explained that he was diagnosed a year ago. Vee wrote: "Needless to say it was a moment that stunned my family and myself to the core. Since this time I have chosen to remain private and to focus on what is most important to me: my family and my music."
International: "The Food of Morocco," by Paula Wolfert.
A third season reportedly is set to begin filming in a few months, with Shirley MacLaine joining the cast.
"Our finances were plunged into turmoil by the Great Recession and a decade of short-term fixes and fiscal gimmicks. This is not the time to delay or evade. This is the time to put our finances in order, and that's precisely what this May revision intends to do," Brown said at a Capitol press conference unveiling the new plan.
"It was a difficult decision, but what I need to do right now is focus all my attention on talking to people about what's really important -- creating jobs and growing our economy," Inslee said in a statement.
QUOTE TO NOTE: "That was just a bad game. We fired off early and couldn't get anything going. We hit the ball hard and we have a good-hitting team. We couldn't plate as many runs as we would have liked to do." -- Nick Swisher after Monday's 7-3 home loss to Minnesota.
Wolfson also sentenced former UMDNJ dean R. Michael Gallagher to a year-and-a-half in federal prison for bribing Bryant with the $35,000-a-year job at the university's School of Osteopathic Medicine in Camden County.
The UCLA Health System — whose contract with Blue Shield expired at the end of 2011 — initially demanded a new contract with 8% higher rates for most of its services. It's no longer seeking any increase for the first six months of 2012, but UC negotiators insist on combining all five of their medical centers into one contract after that point. Unlike some rival insurers, Blue Shield has rejected that proposal, saying the talks should have no preconditions. With neither side budging, Blue Shield has been shifting customers who'd been treated by UCLA doctors to new care providers since January.
<U+0095> Lakers <U+0095> Spurs
The Wings stuck it to opponents often enough in the regular season, winning games by taking over third periods. If they want to win this series, they had a prime lesson Sunday in how much more difficult it is to pull it off in the playoffs.
How do you explain such things? Is it the end times? Are angry/friendly aliens suddenly controlling our climate? Have greenhouse gases finally cooked our planet? Will the ice caps melt and flood the Earth? Is it time for ark building again? Shall we gather the animals two by two? Or is a bunker full of canned goods more practical?
The email was sent to solicit support. But the two leaders also said, "Too often, honor is missing from political campaigns -- and we have already seen Sherrod attacked by those who don't want to debate the man he really is."
Wisniewski, however, cautioned the 11th tie-breaking member, appointed by the chief justice of the state Supreme Court, will have the ultimate say in what the map looks like — including whether Newark and Jersey City are in two or more districts.
Icahn calls Mentor a poor performer, and wants the company sold. He's offered to buy it himself for $1.9 billion, $17 a share. Failing that, he says Mentor could operate far more profitably by cutting expenses and Icahn says his nominees would ensure that happens.
What to wear
Howman said WADA has 18 months to review possible changes in the code to allow for any tougher sanctions, including Olympic bans. The IOC has said it will try to include its previous rule in the next version of the code.
Riverdale enters the game coming off a big win over Poly Prep where Davis Goldstein and Dan Maffezzoli each scored twice. The Falcons will be looking for revenge. Dalton won the first meeting 7-5 to open the season and will look to grab another victory to vault the Tigers into the Ivy League standings.
Starring: Antonio Banderas, Elena Anaya and Jan Cornet
The Tiki Barge won't have a twin barge this Spring after all.
"It's one happy event in the world right now," said San Francisco attorney Laura Claster, who traveled to London to be with the crowds. "It gives us a day of celebration to forget the troubles in the world."
8. Cal State Fullerton (26-13)
In states like Ohio, where U.S. Senate and gubernatorial races this fall are already shaping up to be fierce, such unbridled spending will almost certainly add to the cacophony of political commercials, politicians and watchdog groups say.
"We have legal advice, and before we make any expenditure like that we listen to legal advice," said Andrews, pointing out that the rest of the European vacation, including airfare, was paid for with family funds. "We’re convinced this is an appropriate expenditure to thank and support someone who has given us a lot of time and effort."
--They contain fucoidans, starch-like molecules that appear to have anti-inflammatory and anti-viral benefits.
On Dec. 29, 1922, he dismissed his secretary from his office. He aimed a revolver to his heart and fired. He was 55.
The organization had its 35 affiliates across the country file 380 requests for documentation of policies and practices on tracking of cellphones. ACLU said it received responses from more than 200 police departments.
"I feel badly about what's happening inside those barns," she said.
Salads and sandwich platters: Romano's Farmers Market & Deli, 8875 Ridge Road, North Royalton, 440-237-7888.
The location started everything. Siversen, a New York caterer who dreamed of owning a restaurant, saw this space and fell in love.
Not waiting for a Sunday to melt down, McIlroy shot 42; Garcia shot 40. It was a terrible twosome and when both players made birdies on No. 12 to stop some of the bleeding, they jokingly hugged as they headed off the green.
"When you put a barrier up, which I believe this is, it's just anti-participation in democracy," Simon said. "You don't want to make it harder for people to participate. Even if one person shows up, that's OK, you want to make it available."
TV coverage of the third round will be taped and will air as originally scheduled, on the Golf Channel from noon to 1:30 p.m.; and on WOIO Ch. 19 from 2 to 6 p.m.
And he also has heard that such predictions are hugely exaggerated.
UPDATED at 3:15 p.m.
The Bowers Museum's "American Quilts: 200 Years of Tradition" exhibit will be on display until March 15.
øWe'd love to hear from you for an upcoming episode of Talking Your Tech. Check in with USA TODAY consumer tech reporter Jefferson Graham for a chance to be included in the piece.
Although the SEC is working on models for 13-school competitive formats, there is little doubt that 14 makes more sense from a divisional and logistical standpoint, not to mention in terms of scheduling weekly conference games.
"It's a tragic, tragic situation," said Jesson, who with Dayton sent a condolence letter to Hyska's elderly mother.
Shyne thinks the contradiction is in people's minds. "I learn and study as an Israelite but live in a world where we have to use guns. It's a tough world out there," he said while premiering two videos in a Jerusalem club this year. "I see soldiers with guns at the kotel — the Western Wall — every day." But he said weapons should be always be used in self-defense: "Better to be judged by 12 than carried by six."
"It is so important to be able to bring in for the community, and local shelters," said Liz Cintron, the director of the arts academy at The Hope Center, who organized the event. "We can learn how to serve the community and work together as a local church to help."
Asteroids are made mostly of rock and metal and range from a couple of dozen feet wide to nearly 10 miles long. The new venture targets the free-flying asteroids, seeking to extract from them the rare Earth platinum metals that are used in batteries, electronics and medical devices, Diamandis said.
For those seeking a multiday experience in the snow, Cascade Huts has furnished three snug, warm cabins around White River Valley and Barlow Ridge, both on Mount Hood. Cabins are near the 4,000-foot level and off the beaten path. Hearty hikers can enjoy near-pristine, uninterrupted panoramic views of several mountains while spending several days hiking trails.
twitter.com/chriskorman
In another game played in Helsinki, Canada topped Kazakhstan, 8-0. Wings defenseman Kyle Quincey didn't have a point in over 13 minutes of ice time.
"I’m so excited to be able to be alive and to be here for this moment," said Diane Riportella, 53, of Egg Harbor Township.
øOnStar FMV
All he knows is, after years of doing things strictly for the money, he wanted to take this one on as a labor of love - something to give back to the city where he built his empire.
Both were built in 1972. Both are like art galleries.
It is about the Stanley Cup.
Q: One review of your last album read, "if the New York Dolls ever needed a ukulele player, it would be Lloyd United." Seriously, if you could add your ukulele to one band in rock history, who would it be, and why?
But adding Oberto will require the Blazers to release two players before opening night rosters are finalized Monday because they're already carrying 16 players, one over the league limit.
Austin Wood, Broomfield. Sr., 5-10.
In 2004, as a rookie manager for the Sox, he told his team to "Go get drunk or something'' to forget about a tough loss.
My favorite subjects: American literature and Spanish.
Rivera’s camp also has contacted Dr. Richard Steadman in Colorado.
Fax: 440-352-3622
This article has been corrected since it appeared in print.
A.B. was the first among leaders, a dominant personality. Hine was a "lawyer's lawyer" known for his agile legal mind. Flory was deeply involved in civic affairs, helping launch the City Club of Cleveland and the Cleveland Play House.
Under the direction of TACFA board member Rita Chemers, the Student Art Show highlighted the work of ninth through 12th graders. The art also was on display at Chemers Gallery in Enderle Center.
“It would be fantastic if considerable thought were given to what was going to happen to this diner,” she said.
The 45-year-old woman grabbed the gun and was able to insert her finger in the trigger guard, preventing it from firing, authorities have said. During today’s hearing in Somerville, Assistant Prosecutor Laurie Head-Melillo said that had the woman not blocked the shot, "this would be an entirely different case."
Cain has created an a la carte menu that allows diners to pick and choose, or head full bore into a $95 tasting menu. The best deal is the $49 three-course menu, available Monday through Thursday and featuring many choices from the regular menu. Ordered a la carte, appetizers are $10 to $18; mains, $28 to $48; and desserts, $10 to $12.
From there, you need to recognize the seniors, tournament MVP Jeron Belin (17 points), Wesley Jenkins (15 points), Nick Leon (14 points) and Ryan Bacon (8 points, 9 rebounds) for playing magnificently. With the exception of the turnovers in the highly pressurized final few minutes, this group played about as well as they can play.
But all is not well in the House of Bothmer .
The Opening Day rightfielder the past seven years wasn't re-signed after two injury-plagued years. The Tigers took a chance on Ordoñez in 2005, and he rewarded the club with a .312 average, 107 homers, 533 RBIs, two All-Star appearances, a batting title and an ALCS-winning homer. Maggs is reportedly mulling retirement.
Donner Ski Ranch: Open until the snow is gone, probably through May.
The Lions drafted Spievey as a cornerback out of Iowa two years ago, but switched him to safety early in his first training camp.
"I have to give credit to the mayor. She's making good decisions because of the economic crisis," Beckering said. "The difference is, I would have done those things whether we were facing a revenue downturn or not."
Your contractor will draw up a contract, and you should read it very carefully. Here are a few things to look out for:
State Sen. Mark Wagoner, who chairs the six-member legislative committee that will make a recommendation to the full General Assembly for approval, said the selection process has been a valuable history lesson.
Duct tape -- not so good for sealing ducts but great for patching or mending lots of other things -- has become a superstar in the crafting world, available in all kinds of vibrant colors and patterns, such as zebra, camouflage and tie-dye.
Cory, I will always remember you as a loving, giving, occasionally annoying and exasperating younger brother. I will tell your sons stories about what you were like as a child and how much you loved them. I will tell my children about their Uncle Cory -- how special he was, and how much I loved him.
Better than our new health care law would have been reforms such as medical malpractice overhaul -- to help lower soaring health care costs -- as well as other cost-containment measures. We should remove the middleman (employers) from the health care equation entirely, leaving individuals to purchase their health insurance. America needs to get consumers closer to their health care bills and give them incentive to be realistic about their medical expectations by moving away from employer-provided coverage.
A word you won't find in the vocabulary of any of the 14 players on the roster is "selfish."
Eighth District Judge
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. issued its annual market share summary this week, reflecting deposits - everything from checking deposits to certificates of deposit - as of June 30.
Others mentioned for the World Bank post included Indra Nooyi, the head of soft drink company PepsiCo, and Laura D'Andrea Tyson, who served in top economic jobs in the Clinton administration.
Pettersson was the first to take advantage. He began the day seven strokes back, but had an eagle on the par-5 No. 5 to go with five birdies, including one on the par-3 16th that put him in front at 12 under.
He moved stealthily down the hallway as the three officers following behind in a diamond-like formation cleared rooms on either side of him. Then, the shots started. Bulla's instincts told him to charge toward the sound.
2. Customize your order. If there's no light version of what you want, ask the barista to use nonfat milk, sugar substitute and sugarless flavoring. They're used to special requests.
"It helps me be a better husband and a better dad," Brian Gertig, 51, of Gilbert, said. "And I like the perspective of other men, the advice they give is beneficial to my family, to my life."
July 29 -- Grade 3 Oceanport Stakes (turf, 3-year-olds and up)
"Everybody wants to join the party," said Marshal Cohen, retail analyst with consulting firm NPD Group. "It's going to be midnight madness."
You have to credit Braica for moving this cherished home game to the Garden. He gave his players (and his opponents) a chance to play in the World’s Most Famous Arena. Any time the golden appeal of playing there is questioned it should be remembered that the St. Francis cheerleaders posed after the game for a group photo on the Garden court. The Mecca.
PLAINFIELD — Detectives are investigating a fatal stabbing that occurred around 7 p.m. in front of 38 Watchung Avenue in Plainfield Tuesday night, authorities said.
Bowl record: 9-15
Alizadeh pointed out that Vanvlerah smiled in pictures showing Kyle with the infant.
Rogers, who moved between managing his own tables of records for sale and chatting with friends and other vendors, said he started the show to give music lovers a chance to trade records and stories, and visitors to the show Sunday did just that.
As police were arresting Raul and Dobos on Monday, thieves were looting a downtown ATM in a similar scheme. Officers were unable to catch them, sources said.
“You wanted a chance to participate in a meaningful way.
That was 41 years ago.
Board member Lori F. Wright was more direct, getting to what she feels is the real cause of the residents' qualms about RecycleForce: "Nobody is perfect. These people have served their time and they need a way to get back on their feet."
Two-time Bridezilla
Classic mac and cheese
Luckily, Machine Head rounded out the main-stage lineup. Clearly the heaviest band to step foot on that stage, they got the mayhem going with opening track "Imperuim" from 2003's "Through the Ashes of Empires." Their five-song, 30-minute set featured new track "Locust" from their forthcoming record, "Unto the Locust." Lead singer/guitarist Robb Flynn did his best to get the crowd involved during their short but sweet metal massacre before closing with the thrash jam "Halo."
The officer, whose name has not been released, was responding to an intruder alarm about 12:30 a.m. on Miller Intermediate School campus, after a break-in of one of the portable buildings on the campus, Pasadena Independent School District officials said in a statement.
Likewise, the court has not ruled on whether Blue Heron will have to cover Cobra health insurance benefits. Cobra allows former employees and their families to continue health coverage at group rates, but the company would have to pay a portion of the premiums.
As it is with many of the volunteers, the fire service runs in the family, he said, noting his two sons are members of the company, too.
Perhaps the reason there were no eblasts about this robbery is that, like the Roland Park woman who was held up, no one wanted to create a stir. Like other city residents, Roland Parkers chose to live and pay exorbitantly high taxes in Baltimore City. If Roland Parkers did not support the city, even in a time of huge challenges for a beleaguered city, they would move. More “for sale” signs would pop up.
"Call Your Girlfriend" — Robyn
Warner Bros. hopes the general public will be equally enthusiastic. The studio expects 5,000 people a day to visit the attraction, which is selling itself on its authenticity — it features real sets, models, props and costumes from the films, on the original studio site.
That's what happens to many girls who get pregnant too young.
The company was able to report the gain mostly because it had lower expenses for its losses. Two key reasons for that: home price declines have slowed and fewer mortgages are in serious delinquency.
Born in South Carolina, Gibson grew up in Harlem where, in 1941, she applied her natural athletic ability to tennis lessons.
Its lengthy lunch menu shows soups and salads (grilled prawn Louie, grilled romaine lettuce), small plates (meatball sliders, Kobe beef carpaccio), panini (eggplant Parmesan, grilled chicken), pasta (much of it house-made, served with mild, subtle sauces), and soup-salad-panini combos. Prices range from $4 to $16.
But it is optimistic about a comeback in the second half of the fiscal year. Toyota has said that car production is almost back to normal after initially warning that restoring full capacity would take until late in 2011.
The project is one of dozens of public tributes to the bridge on its 75th birthday. They range from concerts to photo contests, but Vallerga's is one of only a handful that are actually attached to the bridge.
"He really messed with us," said the husband, who declined to be named. "Why would he do that to people?"
But he has embraced the notion of changing his game –"adapting" he calls it – which includes a different role (off the bench), a different style (more jump shots, less drives) and a different approach (fewer, if any, practices).
"All that stopped with Christy Ann. It scared us to death," Bogen said, crying. "It changed all of us forever. We are still guarded. I have a 2-year-old now. I won't let her more than 5 feet away from me."
The last time Petrino took part in an Arkansas practice on the field was on March 30. The former Atlanta Falcons coach was in his usual form that day, berating a side judge for missing an offside call during the scrimmage.
Stripes Restaurants Inc., a Fresno franchising firm, is reopening the outlet, closed in 2009 as a result of the financial meltdown of former franchisee Abe Alizadeh.
11:30 a.m.: UCLA coach Rick Neuheisel and running back Johnathan Franklin
"The idea is, if Realtors are out there selling houses, cities should be out there selling their communities," he said. "It's kind of just a higher degree of visibility for the community for both events.
The enigma that is Jay Gatsby has been one of the reasons there has never been a satisfactory screen adaptation of Fitzgerald's 1925 masterpiece: The impenetrable murkiness of Gatsby's character handily defies cinematic shorthand. But, like Draper, Gatsby's elusiveness is much more than a literary convenience. Fitzgerald, the Midwesterner who went East to reinvent himself, saw both sides of the American "dream." On the one hand, ours has always been a culture of hope and aspiration. On the other, our abiding belief in change and the ability to reinvent ourselves can bring us perilously close to the edge of self-delusion.
So, she sold her things and set out for better economic opportunities in another country. After stops in Costa Rica, Turkey and the Netherlands, Lencina ended up in Germany. She entered each country legally as a tourist and then looked for work illegally in the underground economy.
Passengers reportedly were taken off the plane and rescreened through security.
It's the same story at Columbia Gas of Ohio, where January prices of 49.64 cents per 100 cubic feet will tumble to 45.6 cents next week.
"There's not a win here. It's tough because Mike and I go far back,'' Moorlach said. "On one side you have sense of loyalty to someone. On the other side, Mike was a major disappointment and made decisions that were inexcusable.''
Prices: A new three-bedroom home started at $8,750 in 1954; a new car was $1,200; a 21-inch television cost $210 and the Santa Fe Railroad offered daily train service from Phoenix to Chicago for $47.
"As far as me standing in the pulpit holding a voter guide, that's not going to happen," said the Rev. Brady Boyd, 40, who leads a congregation of 10,000 at New Life Church. He will use his position to teach the Bible to believers. "I won't use it to influence their vote," he said.
An Assembly version of the bill, A3622, is awaiting a vote in the Assembly judiciary committee.
"There's nothing about tonight's game that I liked at all,'' Woodson said afterward.
ALL-DAY PICKETING
Hey, Mark: It would take more than three No. 1s to move up for Luck. I think Holmgren still has faith in McCoy. Speculating on the Browns' record with Harbaugh is a waste of energy.
1 or 2 cloves garlic, minced
Stephen Hawke, an assistant attorney general, wrote in the motion: "Looking around the country, claims of untested DNA material are commonly used by capital offenders in an attempt to obtain a stay of execution." He continued, "Ordering testing to proceed should preempt petitioner's ability to claim an entitlement to a stay of execution."
øThe 66th annual Tony Awards will air live from New York's Beacon Theatre on CBS on June 10 at 8 p.m. ET.
Several foods directly combat the bacteria that cause cavities, bad breath and gum disease. Garlic, apples, grapes, shiitake mushrooms, cocoa and nutmeg contain compounds that may prevent cavity-causing bacteria from adhering to teeth.
"There is help out there, if you want it,'' Graham said. "Everybody knows that DUII is bad. Everybody knows that drinking and driving is bad. But they don't think it's going to happen to them.''
For utilities, the issue is the drain that could be caused recharging the cars' batteries. Based on the capabilities of today's grid, too many people plugging in their cars at the same time would summon the sound of exploding transformers.
They responded in the second quarter with their own 9-0 run and ended up matching the Nuggets 25-25 overall in the second quarter. The Nuggets led at intermission 55-39.
Over the last two years, the federal court monitor, Dr. Mohamed El-Sabaawi, has increasingly raised concerns about conditions in the hospitals.
* Hynix shares up 23 pct YTD vs 7.5 pct gain in KOSPI
Esquivel, Blanco (3), Straub (5) and Arias; Brown, Chavez (4) and Beatty. Top hitters: F<U+0096>Walker 2x3; Goodwin 2B. R<U+0096>Enes 2x4; Brown 3x3, 3B; Masterson 2x3; Robinson 2B.
According to a report of the 2011 data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, 25 percent of high school students in Colorado said they had used marijuana in the past 30 days, while nationwide it was 21 percent.
The plan, which has been in the works for six years, would address a growing demand for on-campus housing. Overall enrollment at Rutgers-Newark has increased by about 2 percent a year over the past decade, Yeagle said. About 200 of the 4,300 graduate students live on campus, mostly in close quarters with undergraduates.
WR David Tyree said he realizes Thursday "could" be his last game as a Giant, but said that's an "exciting" scenario. Exciting because he feels like a rookie again?
On July 15, with the hole playing at 145 yards, he used a 9-iron. Nine days later, he used an 8-iron from 153 yards. A native of Bay Village, Kavalec was unable to play golf for almost 20 years because he suffered from spondylolisthesis, a condition that causes severe back pain. He said he rehabilitated himself.
A narrow balcony runs across the back length of the uppermost floor, and a wall of windows boasts a view only possible from a tree house. But the ohhhhs and ahhhs really begin when someone steps onto the third-floor deck, facing the street. Cleveland's downtown skyline appears in the not-too-far distance. The architect cleverly staggered and angled his four homes so privacy is basically maintained when out on the decks or looking out the windows.
Inform vegan readers on what they might eat
Tom McGraw, CEO of First National Bank of Northern California, kept the laughs going with his renditions of "Murmel, Murmel, Murmel and The Paper Bag Princess." McGraw has been a reader for many years and a generous supporter of the work of Pacifica School Volunteers.
But the biggest increase will be the turkey -<U+0096> a 16-pound bird is expected to run about $21.57, or 22 percent more than in 2010. Economists with the farm group pegged the leap to strong demand in the U.S. and abroad.
KEANSBURG — When Kimberly Adler went missing sometime in 2008, it did not go unnoticed, her brother said today.
We have it within our power to make New Jersey, once again, the economic engine of our region. To be a national leader in fiscal discipline. To be the trendsetter for an America that wants to honestly confront our challenges. To be in the vanguard of bi-partisan government that puts our people ahead of partisanship. To take our New Jersey strength and use it to put our people back to work. Most importantly, to fight the fights worth fighting. For our children’s education. For the needs of our most vulnerable. For fiscal sanity that restores New Jersey’s economic future. For a state that wakes up every day to the sun rising over a place we are proud, very proud to call home.
Ally/GMAC
Serves: 4-6 / Preparation time: 1 hour / Total time: 1 hour
"When I think of my favorite vocal musicians, they all had different colors to their palettes vocally that they could use at any time," he says. "It all ends up being fused into what we call soul."
Tied 66-all starting the fourth, the Clippers scored 10 straight to take their first lead since the game's opening minutes. Bledsoe scored six points.
And maybe, just maybe, she'll let you go fishing with your buddies.
A pickpocket could probably use your card, but your average miscreant doesn't get a purloined Visa and think: All right! Now's the chance to rent a bike! Maybe hit the Redbox! Crime spree!
14:22 -- Another neutral zone infraction on third down for the Cowboys defense. It's now 3rd-and-4. The Giants couldn't take advantage last time.
"It'll definitely be family-style," DePaul adds. "There's lots of built-up anticipation in the area, plus our reputation from the Savannah Grill. But we won't be doing live music here like we do in Westlake. I'm trying to keep this a neighborhood place."
The Secular Coalition for America issued a statement urging governors not to attend the event.
Frustrated after a loss to Wisconsin on Feb. 26 in which he'd scored just eight points on 4-for-10 shooting, Sullinger came back two days later with an old lease on life after a talk with Matta and the coaching staff. He vowed to put the distractions of officiating and the outside world behind him.
TUESDAY MORNING LEADS GROUP: 7:30-9 a.m. April 10, Greater St. Charles County Chamber of Commerce, 2201 First Capitol Drive, St. Charles. For more information, visit www.gstccc.com or call 636-946-0633.
Saltzman said he violated no ethics rules and provided a letter from the city attorney's office to back him up. The memo, written by Linly F. Rees, states that under Oregon law, a conflict of interest arises when the vote or decision would provide a benefit to the public official, relatives or any business related to either.
"Whenever a police officer dies in an accident or from an illness, it's tragic enough," said John Zicha, an officer who served two years with Matlosz on the Howell Township First Aid Squad. "But when one is murdered like this, it's unfathomable. You can't believe it. How can someone have no conscience to walk up to someone and shoot them, especially a police officer?"
In 2004 in Athens, Zagunis became the first American fencer to win a gold medal in 100 years.
At her arraignment today she had several spirited discussions with her attorney, Henry Hilow, because she did not want to simply answer "yes" or "no" to the standard arraignment questions.
Kidd has not been a big scorer since joining the Mavericks during the 2007-08 season. Since being traded to Dallas from New Jersey right at that season's trade deadline, Kidd has played in 270 regular season games and has scored 20 or more points just 15 times.
That's not because they happened to connect with people who aren't raging hypocrites, but because they were able to tell the difference between a warm body and someone special.
A statewide TV commercial urging rejection of Issue 2 tells viewers that rank-and-file public workers are willing to make sacrifices in order to reduce the cost of government while powerful politicians who make the rules are finding ways to avoid the pain.
Hamlin, he said, "just came out of nowhere."
ø"I still believe in one- or two-game suspensions," he said. "I've had hearings with players where there's been no suspension and we'll get off the phone and say, 'We're never going to hear from that guy again.' Just with a warning. I've also given out multi-game suspensions and we get off the phone and say, 'We'll see him again.' "
Halak's last time on the ice was Tuesday, and it was evident after that test that he needed more time to heal. He came to the rink Wednesday and Thursday, but he did not practice and he continues to wear the boot.
From 2001 to 2010, he worked as a fight announcer for Showtime and Top Rank, according to The Baltimore Sun. In his final months, Charles told Sports Illustrated that he wished he could be involved in one last fight. Upon reading this, HBO executives invited him to Atlantic City to call a fight between two featherweights.
TORONTO -- The Nets will unveil their new logo and colors Monday morning in Brooklyn, at 10 a.m. at the Modell's Sporting Goods store across the street from the Barclays Center, their new arena. But it appears the logo has already leaked out on the internet. On Wednesday, a photo of the logo was tweeted out by a person claiming to be a worker at the Barclays Center, and the photo was picked up and run by Deadspin.com.
Between Passing Peyton and Air Orton, this was the most prolific passing game in the young NFL season. Combined, the teams accounted for 797 yards passing and 87 yards rushing.
And the timing couldn't be better for receiver-hungry teams.
Ghosts: Darkened theaters and empty stages are always provided with a "ghost light." The idea is that the ghost is being given its night on the stage. More practically, the light helps prevent stagehands from falling off the stage.
For his part, Santiago, 62, attributes the downturn in crime to smart policing too long absent in the township.
The police and fire pipe and drummers from Essex County wowed the crowd with a smooth rendition of God Bless America.
After a month of use, the weld failed, investigators found.
The session, called by Obama, came after bipartisan majorities in Congress passed an extension of a payroll tax cut sought by the president. White House and congressional aides said participants concluded it was possible to act on more legislation despite the partisan pressures of an election year.
"We wanted everything to be above and beyond <U+0096> the biggest and the best," Hassan said.
The candidates may be the same, but Wisconsin isn't.
"We're talking some really good meets with some powerhouse athletes," Partney said. "These meets were the two biggest we see until the state meet."
earnings dropped 19 percent, highlighting the group's need to
For the next six weeks, Group 4 will continue to explore and synthesize the information gathered at these and other meetings, in order to produce library design plans that express the needs and desires of Pacificans. On May 3, their work will be on display from 5 to 7 p.m. at the Community Center, followed by a public meeting from 7 to 9 p.m. to further shape the great library this great community deserves.
But while Hopkins may have turned out to be an unexpected aficionado of the waltz, Rieu insists that for audiences, no expertise is necessary.
Parker is among the skeptics about adding more public forums. It may not be worth speaking up, she says.
The bill passed the Senate with full support from both Republicans and Democrats last week. It came up for its first House hearing Monday night in the Committee on Early Learning and Human Services.
Manly, of course, disagrees and says the bishop had simply realized the Oct. 9 pronouncement about clearing his name "was a P.R. stunt gone wrong" and was looking for a way out. He says his office tried to get Andler to take up the issue separately but she wouldn't hear it. So late in the day on Nov. 20, with no time left, Manly said he reluctantly signed a standard form that called for a total dismissal of the case. A court spokesperson confirmed this is what Andler saw.
Vendors lined Laurel Street, selling a variety of food and drink that reflects the diverse heritage of a town like Bridgeton.
Its subtle difficulty starts with a tee shot on which players can't see the landing area, just the reeds along the edge of water hazards left and right. An uphill approach shot presents no hazards but always plays deceivingly long because it's all carry and again leaves players unable to see the landing area. But it's the back pin locations <U+0096> there's a debate whether left or right is tougher <U+0096> that really provide the bite. The pin was back-right when our group played.
Updated at 12:50 p.m.
But, he said, they do have to contact air traffic control to ask for permission — as the pilots of the Superjet did — before making any such maneuver, and they would descend only within acceptable rates of the aircraft.
Winkler also has past ties to the Aryan Nations and has taken part in racially charged protests in Kootenai County. He picketed Mexican food vendors in nearby Coeur d'Alene in 2011, and protested the annual Martin Luther King Jr. events at North Idaho College in January.
Attempts to contact Bohls or the victim's family were unsuccessful.
Dallas selected running back DeMarco Murray out of Oklahoma with the 71st-overall pick in the 2011 NFL Draft. He signed for $2.97 million over four years.
Rob Moseley previews Oregon's running backs, and it's easy to forget that Lache Seastrunk is not only unhappy and the subject of much scrutiny for his recruitment, but he's also the Ducks' third running back behind LaMichael James and Kenjon Barner.
The Flemington-Raritan school board is looking to fill a vacancy created by the departure of Flemington resident Linda Mastellone.
He said Lauren Zavarella first interviewed for a teaching job with the district in 2006, but she did not get selected. He said she interviewed again in 2007.
"A lot of these numbers are going up because more attention has been brought to the issue," Peterson said. "The economy is a huge factor, as well."
An artful salad is an elusive pleasure in restaurants, but dinner chef Bradley Sekulich knows how to compose a butter lettuce salad ($5) with balance and restraint. Chopped herbs -- I detected tarragon, parsley and basil -- scattered among the lettuce leaves keep the palate playfully guessing.
PITTSBURGH - Penguins captain Sidney Crosby will return to the ice Thursday night, when Pittsburgh faces the New York Rangers at Madison Square Garden.
Never does a day pass without Gov. John Kasich promising to make Ohio a business-friendly state. And because 25 senators know what's best for business, they ignored the heated objections to this law from every single business that would be affected by the new law -- not to mention law-enforcement groups.
18a. Grocery store cards: $20
Then there's country singer Faith Hill, who posed in a bikini on the cover of Shape magazine to celebrate her 41st birthday. Good for you, girlfriend. We don't know anyone that age who would wear a bikini to the mailbox, let alone have her picture taken in a skimpy suit. Not even for Cellulite Monthly.
"I think (the national leaders) are so involved with continuing the institution of Komen," Hunt said, "that they didn't think about the woman who doesn't have health insurance."
Joshua Morgan, the 174th player selected in the 2008 draft, will receive $12 million over the first two years in his new five-year contract with the Redskins.
The governor paused for a moment, lowered the tone of his voice and told Hanson he often thinks about the approach he has taken with the union. He said he is willing to sit down and talk with the unions, but only once they demonstrate they’re willing to get on board.
Presented by the Nutz-n-Boltz Theater. Kelly Lazenby wrote the play the features 18 actors playing a variety of creatures from the insect world. Highlights also include a scavenger hunt and special seating for the little kids. 7:30 p.m. Fri-Sat, 3 p.m. Sun, May 11-27. Boring-Damascus Grange Hall, 27861 S.E. Grange
DiLeo has 20 days to respond the complaint, after which the committee will convene a hearing and make one of several recommendations to the State Supreme Court: a public reprimand, censure, suspension or removal from the bench, or dismissal of the complaint against the judge.
When he's cleaning up, Job said, cyclists and joggers stop to say thanks. "People will sometime stop and give us a hand," said Job, who's been volunteering for eight years.
* Public employees in New York will lose their outdated, costly guaranteed-benefit pension plans and instead get 401k-style plans — just like other working stiffs.
That's why many of the new medical centers, including those at the Clinic, UH and Lake Health, have light-filled respite areas for families with microwaves, comfortable seating, wireless computer access, refrigerators and even washers and dryers.
Attendees will spend the four days attending workshops and teach-ins on economic and social issues.
Jesse's Ghost by Frank Bergon (Heyday: 224 pp., $20) It's a short drive north from Los Angeles to California's San Joaquin ValleyCentral same time zone, same state, but you might as well be traveling to another planet. Central California is a place that has had its own heart torn out to feed the rest of the country — ranches and fields have long since been denuded and propped up with fertilizers and pesticides, and the history of labor — the pickers, ranch hands, farmhands from all over the world but mostly Mexico — is documented in articles and books. Frank Bergon finds beauty in the valley, and not through artifice. He sticks to his main character, Sonny, like glue; breathing in his body as he tells the story of how, decades ago, when he was 27, he shot his best friend, Jesse, over a woman. There is huge insight here into the lives of valley workers — the tools they use, what they eat for lunch, what they drink and how they fight and flirt. Also how they die, from malathion poisoning, or alcohol, or diabetes.
Still, potential homebuyers may want to hurry. Despite its plentiful green space, only 212 total residents will get to call Summerwood home.
The Federal Reserve, which oversees the industry, made the request of the 19 banks with at least $100 billion in assets that last spring were deemed by the government to be "too big to fail." That includes three banks with a big local presence: KeyCorp, PNC Financial Services Group and Fifth Third Bancorp.
"There's no mystery left," Notre Dame guard Brittany Mallory said. "There's not going to be any surprises. It's all about heart, who is going to play the hardest, who is going to execute and play well."
Miller was crushed when a 10-ton blue gum eucalyptus tree toppled onto her car while she was driving on Irvine Avenue in Newport Beach.
The Metropolitan Council expects to choose a route and mode by the end of the year, paving the way for an environmental impact statement and the highly competitive federal funding process.
Traditional white and chocolate remain popular, but decorations can vary widely, from classic monochromatic color schemes to bright pops of color to rhinestone-wrapped cakes with lots of "bling," said Marshall.
Published online at RealClearPolitics.com, April 17, 2012
The Wings are getting outworked in the face-off circle and they're not making goalie Pekka Rinne work harder, moving him more laterally in the crease. But their biggest problem is that they have spent so much time in the penalty box that they could pay residence taxes.
“We must work with the police officers and never, ever speak negatively of them.
“Coach Robinson’s got them going in the right direction,’’ Payton said. “Hopefully he can get a lot of other players and keep going.’’
ATH Derrick Mitchell, jr., Vashon
“We may be much further behind than we thought” in addressing the nation’s crisis of obesity, say the authors, New York physician Eric Braverman and Shah, who co-authored the article before assuming his current position.
Question: Have you talked with Colt McCoy during the offseason?
#4 TOKYO IS OPENING UP -- BIG TIME. If you get there and start to feel like you're back in Brooklyn, or San Francisco or London or Cape Town, it's not just you. It's Tokyo, too. Japan may be uncertain about this whole global-village thing, but as the years go on, Tokyo is starting to feel a lot closer to the rest of the planet. And this isn't just about all the coffee joints, microbreweries, Doughnut Plant donuts or hipsters wearing flannel shirts -- it's more than just being on the various trend bandwagons. The city just feels a little bit more open to the outside world as time passes. And that's a good thing.
Fourth-quarter profits totaled $3.4 billion, or 59 cents a share. That's ahead of the 53 cents a share that Wall Street expected, and up from 40 cents a share in the fourth quarter of 2009.
Farm Power seems to be succeeding where others didn't, he said, because "those Maas brothers are goers -- they're putting the legwork in."
Here are some questions and answers about flu vaccinations:
Northerners love to kvetch about Angelenos stealing "their" water, but as long as California remains one state <U+0096> and you people had plenty of opportunities to split! <U+0096> the dynamic will remain unchanged.
Investors of all stripes are once again piling into "junk" bonds.
Shields, a 16-year-old from Michigan with Betty Boop on her tall socks, thoroughly overwhelmed five-time national champion Crews, 24, with a relentless work rate and athleticism. Shields has shot up the national rankings in the past year while growing 4 inches.
S&P expressed little faith in the government's ability to make meaningful progress.
Teeuwen was appointed the county's first director of public works under a reform government that took office last year. The department encompasses the offices of the formerly elected county engineer and the sanitary engineer, as well as the central services department once headed by county commissioners.
I have never broken my promises, I have been faithful to my oath of office, and I have done nothing immoral, illegal or dishonest. I will continue to do what I believe is right and good for this constitutional republic. If the price for keeping promises is a recall, so be it.
Romney blamed Obama for high U.S. unemployment and said the president had blocked the creation of thousands of jobs by blocking Keystone XL oil pipeline and curtailing offshore drilling. He pledged to pursue a job-creating energy policy.
It looked like, at long last, that Rutgers was going to kick back against its tormentors. Then a 10-point halftime lead vanished with a dropped touchdown pass, a suspect defense and a true freshman quarterback who isn’t nearly ready to win games like this.
Whatever he is doing is working.
Authorities say the 32-year-old Brown lost control of her car and struck 49-year-old Ralph Politi Jr. of East Hanover. Politi was standing by the driver's side door of his pickup truck, which was parked in a parking space parallel to the road.
“It’s like a family reunion for us,” Hetfield, 45, says by phone from a tour stop in Birmingham, England, none the worse for wear after having to postpone a concert last month in Sweden because of illness.
State Representative John Barnes Jr. preceded DeBose in District 12 and succeeded him. "Michael was his own person," said Barnes. "He thought and did what he felt was right."
The best present I ever gave someone was a photo album of memories. It was for my friend. It was so great because she was moving, and it was the perfect present to remember our friendship!
The address worried some students that Mr. Zindani would try to hijack the demonstrations to further his own political agenda. Mr. Zindani is a linked to Islah, Yemen's main opposition party.
It marked the first time that a bank representative has acknowledged what most analysts have considered inevitable.
Center Nick Mangold, who has backed Sanchez publicly as well, again shot down rumors of Peyton Manning joining the Jets, if the former Colts star is healthy and available. He called that "all one big crazy idea," in an interview with ESPN at the Pro Bowl.
"Why is the campaign paying for a speeding ticket?" she asked. "Who got it and why is it a campaign expense?"
Pointing towards a greater accountability to citizens caught up in the foreclosure process, proponents of a bill before a state legislative committee Monday said they aim to change roughly 100 years of history by replacing the politically appointed trustees with individuals who answer directly to voters or other county officials.
"We get hung up on the message, what are we doing to say and who's going to say it," Zipfel said. "In the mean time, a lot of young people still have questions, and just want someone to be honest."
But Smolinski scoffed at that reasoning.
"This debate should not be about scoring political points. This debate should be about cutting taxes for the middle class," the White House statement said.
Taiwan's first-quarter gross domestic product rose 0.26% from the fourth quarter, snapping two straight quarters of contraction, according to an advance estimate from the Directorate General of Budget, Accounting and Statistics released Monday. On an annual basis, the export-reliant economy expanded 0.36% in the first quarter, much below the 1% growth the market expected.
Power is trying to win his third straight race in Sao Paulo. The Australian also won the past two races heading into Brazil and is the series points leader. He will try to give Penske its fourth straight win to start the season for the first time in team history in IndyCar. The team has already won every pole this year.
"Most people don't have the faith to try," he says. "They get sucked into what the world says should be. Did I make the NBA? No. But here's the deal: Dreams are the road map that God uses to get us where we're supposed to be."
The Beavers' attack consisted of the inside moves of Eric Moreland (a career-high 14 points, 11 rebounds), some Cunningham numbers (13 points) and little else against a Cougars defense that had the edge in energy level.
Orders for parts for new turbines are directly related to that tax, Gramlich said, but Congress won't extend the credit for more than a couple of years at a time. And the statistical evidence over the decade shows that when the credit expires, orders for new turbines drop by 73 percent to 93 percent.
What a girl wants: Maybe romance. Marriage would be great. Kids? Awesome. But increasingly these days, a top priority for young women is also their careers, so much so that they’re surpassing even their male counterparts in their desire to make a buck.
Prop. 28 allows politicians to be in the Assembly for 12 years - not the six-year maximum permitted under current law. That means Assembly members will have their time in one office doubled, not reduced.
Carlinville
"In the residential sector, the most exciting for us is the long-awaited renovation of the 308 TreeTops Apartments, now known as Pacific Bay Vistas," said Ruane. "It is expected the first residents of the complex will move in this August."
A task force of officers from Woodbridge, Metuchen and South Brunswick flooded the area, and State Police in a helicopter joined the unsuccessful search for the third bandit, authorities said.
WASHINGTON - A look at where Democratic President Barack Obama and Republican presidential hopeful Mitt Romney stand on a selection of issues, in brief:
We can finally close the terrorist detention facility at Guantanamo Bay and send all of those former terrorists home to Yemen and Pakistan and Somalia and Sudan because there's no war left for them to fight in.
Major banks temporarily put foreclosures on hold after the problems surfaced in the fall of 2010. Some had to refile previously filed foreclosure cases and revisit pending cases to prevent errors. Those delays and uncertainty over state and federal probes into the industry's foreclosure practices led to a sharp slowdown in foreclosure activity last year.
Outside Kaduval temple, I watched an orange-robed monk tossing rice to the birds in a ritual honoring the nature god. He stood near a 16-ton black granite statue of the bull Nandi, which represents the perfect devotee of God Siva. Shedding my shoes, I dipped my feet in the temple pool and stepped inside, where there are more than 100 statues of God Siva. A service at 9 a.m. daily is open to anyone.
After gallbladder removal (cholecystectomy)
"I need to tell you something," he says, tap-tap-tapping the paper against the table. "I need to give you a letter."
Anwar Albuzz, a clerk at Winner Gas on 25th Avenue S., testified he was closing the gas station at 11 p.m. when he saw a man, later identified as Phanthavong, knock on the door asking to fill up a container with gas. Albuzz turned on the pumps and helped Phanthavong fill the canister. Phanthavong then paid him for about 2 gallons' worth of gas, he said.
College baseball: San Diego Christian at Biola (DH), noon
Gingrich......34%
Magic Mike
Marketing consultant Christine O'Donnell's victory over Rep. Mike Castle in last night's Delaware Republican primary is rightly considered the biggest upset in a primary season filled with surprises. (Chris Cillizza, The Washington Post)
Cripple Creek Creations
Theft--On April 13 at 10 a.m. on Blossom Hill Road. A wallet that was sitting on a gas pump was stolen.
The Dow Jones industrial average ended with a gain of 73 points after sliding for much of the day. The advance followed a drop of 126 points Friday after the Securities and Exchange Commission filed civil fraud charges against Goldman Sachs related to mortgage investments.
He entered Saturday’s game as the Blazers’ leading scorer, even though he had been struggling for much of the past week because of swelling in the left knee. He thought he had begun to get a handle on the situation this week when he started taking anti-inflammatory medication, which he felt helped him move more freely during Friday’s 24-point performance in Oklahoma City.
This training journey will change your outlook on life for the better. It is applicable to every relationship and every aspect of your life.
Frontier League
“He goes hard at everything that he does,” McMillan said.
BOSTON -- For the first time his career, Brandon Inge played for a team other than the Tigers on Monday night. And it took him five innings as Oakland's new third baseman to do something he hadn't done with the Tigers all season.
So now that the match is coming back on the table, a lot of companies are looking at other ways to boost retirement plan participation.
<U+0095> In St. Louis, the city refused to build a new, bigger stadium so the Cardinals wouldn't have to play in the old Busch Stadium, so owner Bill Bidwill moved the team to Arizona in 1988. When St. Louis went after the Rams, the city had to build a new domed stadium to attract the team. The building now known as the Edward Jones Dome cost $280 million to build in 1995, seven years after the Cardinals left.
The week-after-week format of television admittedly builds a depth of character study richer and deeper than most movies are capable of. But would you watch a 13- or 22-hour movie? Huge swathes of recent episodes of "Mad Men" would hit the cutting-room floor in even the most luxuriously paced movie, as the amount of wheel-spinning and narrative churning that can go into a television show would never pass with cinemagoers. Face it, the recent "Fat Betty" story line would definitely be trimmed from "Mad Men: The Movie."
Fox told his guests that promoting and protecting stem cell research is key to Missouri maintaining its reputation for top-notch medicine.
Ziskin, who died last year at 61, produced "Pretty Woman" (1990), "As Good as It Gets" (1997) and the "Spider-Man" films. She had a seat with task lighting built into the kitchen island for working at home.
The takeaway: The Gaels are one of the surprise teams to make the tournament. They won the regular-season title in the MAAC, but they lost in the conference tournament semifinals. Iona will play BYU in the play-in game on Tuesday. The winner will play Marquette in the second round. The Gaels average 83.3 ppg (No. 1 in the country), and their field-goal percentage of 50.4 is No. 2 in the nation.
Some hotels have begun catering to larger groups. The Park Hyatt Washington, for example, offers a special rate called "Families at the Park" that allows guests with several children to get an extra room for $75 a night. Average room rates are about $400.
The Bruins are 6-6. Five of those losses are by 25 or more points. Four of those came in conference play, including a 50-0 beat-down by USC on Saturday. They also squeezed past Oregon State by only eight points earlier this season.
Others were watching the drone video, as well. In addition to the pilot, the military crew at Creech consisted of a camera operator, mission intelligence coordinator and a safety observer. A transcript shows they believed the convoy contained insurgents.
Arcadia Modern American Steakhouse, 100 W. San Carlos St., 408.278.4555, 5:30 to 10 p.m.
While the three members of the court panel disagreed on whether the railroad deserved a new trial, they all found Washington County District Judge Ellen Maas did not abuse her discretion when she sanctioned BNSF last year for multiple instances of misconduct.
And the craziest part? You can set off little nuclear bombs on your enemies. That is insane. But as you know, bad things happen to those who get between someone who has oil and someone who wants it.
63125
"So many people rush in, tour campus, and then rush off to tour the next campus in the next town. But this is a huge decision. It's got be as important to you as buying your first home," he added.
Details: Karl Zook, city project manager at 623-773-7125.
"Coach told us (Sunday) there's only one way to play football and that's how we play right now. Anything less, you get hurt,'' said safety Joe Lefeged. "We have to play the game like Eric would play, play as hard as he did.''
Trotz demoted David Legwand to the fourth line, had Gaustad centering the third line and moved Nick Spaling up to the second line.
How he had been in a lawsuit for three years and he had to "make an identity for myself"
On Saturday, Kid Rock, a member of Michigan's rock 'n' roll royalty, will hit the stage of the Fox Theatre accompanied by his regular band and the DSO led by music director Leonard Slatkin. A benefit concert, the performance is expected to raise $1 million for the DSO. The set list will be loaded with Kid Rock hits, from edgy rock-rap hybrids like "Bawitdaba" and "Devil Without a Cause" to the country-tinged power ballad "Born Free."
Now we're on North Albina Street, for another "Portlandia" signature -- a customer who can't get service. A guy calls the DMV about getting a replacement title, and days pass as he waits on the phone, while DMV workers (Brownstein and Armisen) noodle around on instruments. Finally, the guy gets a letter in the mail -- not helping him with his request, but including a CD by the DMV workers. Having fun at the expense of long DMV waits is certainly universal, and a time-honored comedy tradition, but it doesn't seem particularly unique to the "Portlandia" world.
"If we can continue to play hard and play together as a team, we can be pretty good," he said. "We're starting to realize we've got some potential in the locker room. I think the girls are starting to build up a little confidence."
Name: Ronnie Hillman
Now the crippling effect of measure 3-394 and 3-395. "The City won't be able to function without a special election every time they need to do something." Since at least as far back as 1970, the city has not had to borrow money through the bond process. Forty-two years. The opponents want you to believe that as soon as the measures pass they will need to borrow money immediately. Let's be serious. For more than 42 years, they have been able to manage. If they did need to borrow money, there would be plenty of time for an election.
Yet at 25, Nova might just have the stuff, the confidence and the physical fitness to defy those projections. To remain a crucial part of this otherwise underachieving Yankees rotation.
"For me the joy of writing is the fiction," Hauser said. "I say I never let the truth get in the way of a good story. I use the basic known facts to hang the story on, but everything else, what makes a person go from point A to point B, the relationships, the motivations, the fears, I like to fill in with my own imagination."
"It didn't last. I made it off the field. Seeing those players, hugging them … brings back so many fun memories, and I know that's what this Ring is all about. It's not about me. It's about us as a team."
The only way to top off the fan experience featuring a 121-84 loss to Milwaukee and an injury to Kyrie Irving Friday at The Q would've been an announcement that everyone in attendance would receive two tickets to see "John Carter."
Luskin, of the Autism Society of Minnesota, says everything depends on the severity of the child's condition, which can vary dramatically. If you measure success by how many children are mainstreamed in school, she said, "a lot of kids can do that, regardless of what therapy you do."
The organization has an annual budget of $180,000 and is kept small and locally rooted, with the Rosses, who now are the parents of two little girls, as its eyes and ears.
The Cardinals had twice as many blown saves in April 2011, and only Atlanta with zero has fewer bullpen losses than the Cardinals' three.
Center of the future? Last week, Blazers coach Nate McMillan was asked about Aldridge's chances at being chosen an All-Star reserve this season at power forward when he revealed some interesting insight into the organization's vision.
The St. Louis Democrat has sued to remove putative rival State Rep. Jamilah Nasheed from the August 7 primary ballot.
He knew better. In spring training Rivera assembled an audience and told them he had made an "irrevocable" decision. He didn't say retire but it was obvious what he meant. He didn't want a fuss. He never wanted a fuss.
Houston divorced Brown in 2007, winning custody of their daughter, Bobbi Kristina Brown. At the court session in Orange County, Houston testified that her daughter could not depend on her father. "He's unreliable," Houston said, according to the Associated Press. "If he says he's going to come, sometimes he does. Usually he doesn't."
As for Tarhuni, he said he wishes the government would come out with any information it might have on him.
Everyone in the Jets' organization is adamant that Sanchez is the unquestioned starter and will only be replaced by Tebow when the team runs specific plays designed for the left-handed quarterback.
Seaman said the plan also offers these benefits over the options presented Feb. 22:
But when Outlaw got to training camp, coach Avery Johnson did not like his conditioning and sentenced him to the "Breakfast Club" -- meaning he had to go through early morning conditioning workouts.
Gordon E. Finley Miami
"The thing is, golf is not my everything," he said. "If I would have lost today, I (wasn't) going to go home and pout. I'm going to think about the great times I had, the chance I had to win.
If it's so hot in standby mode that you can smell the wood of the cabinet, it will run even hotter when driving your speakers and could even create a fire hazard. All of that heat isn't good for the other components in the cabinet, either. Stop using the receiver right away.
According to Greenwich Township Education Association (GTEA) Co-President Terry DiSanto, the district’s Interim Superintendent Vincent Tarantino presented the union with a number of potential areas — including 17 staff positions — that might need to be cut. DiSanto said that number includes special education and instructional aides plus custodial or maintenance jobs. If those are eliminated, the positions would be outsourced, she said.
By insisting on an in-app purchase option, Apple believes it is making sure people using its gadgets get a familiar experience every time they buy something -- a new level of a video game or a new issue of a magazine -- through an app. Until recently, Apple has not enforced this rule universally.
For some. The majority of the team will remain intact through London, but Rampone (36) and Boxx (34) are likely to call it quits after that. Wambach said it's too early to say what she'll do, but she is 31, and her body is showing the wear and tear from the fearless playing style that has earned her third place on the all-time World Cup scoring list with 13 goals.
Q: What is a multiple vortex tornado?
Comic-book legend Stan Lee even narrates “Avengers Origins: Hulk” and “Avengers Origins: Assemble!” Both iOS apps, based on the Marvel Origins series, feature interactive touch-screen activities, detailed artwork and engaging, themed game play. Both apps also offer an introduction to the Marvel characters for those who might not be familiar with their backstories. (What? Have you been chillin’ with Loki in Asgard? If so, maybe these apps aren’t designed with you in mind.)
The family has been told by witnesses and others Rodriguez was shot five times, once while on the ground, she said.
A man turned and said, "You don't want to be on this road when darkness comes."
The city has $541 million in outstanding bills and tickets, according to a separate report issued by the group last year. Much of that money cannot be collected because the two-year statute of limitations has passed.
"Thank you, Michele, for making us all better people," he said. "Somehow we will go on."
Q. I thought that was an interesting dichotomy the way you see these formal settings in the mansion contrasted with natural settings. The two things are juxtaposed against each other. I think that reflects a character looking for where she belongs. Am I reaching?
He has now been sober for one year and three months. He lives in San Mateo, keeping the old influences and temptations of East Palo Alto at arm's length. He attends a daily support group and pays regular visits to Harris' church with his daughter Kimberly, the oldest of his five children and his rock of support during and after incarceration.
Spanier's departure comes as U.S. Secretary of Education Arne Duncan announced an investigation on whether Penn State's handling of the 2002 allegations violated the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics.
"It could have been a lot worse," says Tyler Priest, a University of Houston petroleum historian who serves on President Obama's oil spill investigation committee. "BP is going to come back from this."
Hotel management company: Fairmont Hotels and Resorts.
Google, which is based in Mountain View, Calif., also tried to depict Oracle's lawsuit as a desperate grab for money after Ellison realized his company wouldn't be able to develop its own software for the rapidly growing mobile computer market. Oracle makes most of its money from selling database software and applications that automate a wide range of administrative tasks.
Anthony's trial, covered gavel to gavel, also made it a whole lot easier not to think about all the other children whose lives are in peril, but invisibly so.
Russell filed a report in 2010 after a boy exposed himself to her first grade daughter, Khaliyah. No one was charged because she wasn't able to pick anyone out of a line-up.
Route 15 was closed south of the Route 565/206 intersection in Frankford for more than three hours following the accident.
The highly regarded Nai-Ni Chen Dance Company of Fort Lee has been named "Artistic Engagement Partner" and will bring its Signature Dance Camp to Hamilton Stage this summer.
His wife is in charge of the women's ministries, keeps records and statistics and visits church members in hospitals and nursing homes.
8 p.m. on Syfy
That's not the case anymore.
"They told me I couldn't get my kids," Schuchardt recalls. He asked if he could call a lawyer. "She said if you get a lawyer, they will stay in CPS custody. I didn't want to do that. I just found out my three-day-old baby is safe. I want to sit there and hold my three-day-old baby."
The Midwest in St. Louis is where form didn't hold. Top-seeded North Carolina pushed through, along with the 13th seeded Ohio and No. 11 North Carolina State.
During a recent visit to New York City, a close friend insisted that I try a rosé that she promised would be very special.
Andrea Davis
"We stopped fouling," he said. "(Utah) doubled our free throws in the first half and I thought we had some really poor fouls, many of which were on shooters.
Major changes like cutting benefits or raising taxes, however, would be a tough sell to jittery lawmakers facing an angry, recession-weary electorate in a year when every seat in the General Assembly is on the ballot.
He keeps suggesting a "Cheers" reunion for struggling NBC.
Violent protests erupted in Oakland with stores damaged and dozens arrested after a Los Angeles jury convicted a white former transit officer of involuntary manslaughter in the fatal shooting of an unarmed black man.
Burners are a fairly small part of most school boilers, typically about a foot high and 3 feet across, he said. But replacing that part allows the big change in fuel, he said.
Babby is aware of criticism that the Suns erred by not trading Nash this season, thereby getting some value for him rather than see him walk away as a free agent. The Suns' executive, a former sports agent for the likes of Tim Duncan and Grant Hill, said that by not trading him, the team got the benefit of another season at which Nash played at a high level. Left unsaid was the fact that there was no way the Suns would get anything close to high value in such a deal.
The majority of the profit will come from iPhone sales, especially now that three of the four national U.S. wireless carriers -- AT&T, Sprint and Verizon -- sell the phone.
770 Bellarmine Ln, $52,000
Mallorca 1, Levante 0
And make no mistake, Smith wants to succeed. "I'm expecting a change in my performance," he said.
The ones that have the longest shelf life have the least descriptors in them, the least information about how to play that song. "Why" (from Bird's 2001 album "The Swimming Hour") is so elastic and not complex at all. It's a conversation between two people, an argument, but it never loses its power for me.
Mentor wasn't even the top count city in Ohio. That honor went to Cincinnati, which finished seventh in North America. The 2012 champion was Bay Shore, N.Y.
A few years ago, folks looking out at the ocean beyond the Sheraton Keauhoa Bay on the Kona Coast of the Big Island began noticing a lot of large shadows moving back and forth in the water a hundred or so yards beyond the resort.
BOOKSTORE STORY TIME
Spence said one “red flag” in the contract is the amount of money Stillman requires up-front. According to the document that Healy said was her contract, she was required to pay an initial deposit of $600, another $600 90 days before her wedding, and the balance on the day of her wedding.
Josh Reddick followed Cespedes and homered off George Sherrill to give Oakland back-to-back homers. Jonny Gomes hit his first Oakland home run in the eighth off Steve Delabar, and Grant Balfour pitched a 1-2-3 ninth for the save, his first since becoming the A's closer.
"The unfortunate reality is that we must do more and move now if Merck is to be successful over the long term," Timney wrote. "Making difficult choices in select functions, based on an assessment of the business risks and opportunities identified within each area, will allow us to transform our business and capitalize on the most significant market opportunities in 2012 and beyond."
From the outside, it's hard to tell if it's a restaurant or a nightclub. Customers are shimmy-shaking in belly dancer hip scarves in the center aisle, wine bottles are being passed from table to table, and the hot new South African vocal/pop group Overtone is beat-boxing a medley of Lady Gaga, Freddie Mercury and Justin Timberlake.
Frequently, those calls result in officers making an arrest, and an arrest means, "They're tied up for three or four hours for booking and making a report," Sianez said in an interview. "That means they're not on the street."
Maxton Men
Chief O'Malley also was an athlete. He played on the fire department's hockey team and enjoyed 16-inch softball.
Starting guards: Chris Paul and Randy Foye will have their hands full with Grizzlies guards Tony Allen and Mike Conley, if only because Memphis' guards are good defenders and a big reason why that teams leads the NBA in steals. But Paul is having an MVP-type season and is one of the top point guards in the NBA. Edge: Clippers.
For more information, call the office at 856-269-4657.
<U+0093>This survey will ease concerns that the softer tone of the incoming news in recent months marked the start of a renewed slowdown in growth,<U+0094> Paul Dales, an economist at Capital Economics, said in a note to clients. <U+0093>We think the latest recovery is made of sterner stuff, although we doubt it will set the world alight.<U+0094>
This year marks the 30th birthday of European high-speed trains, which debuted between Paris and Lyon, France, in September 1981. Since then, 1.5 billion people have traveled on fast TGV (Train à Grande Vitesse) trains in France, and high-speed lines have proliferated across the Continent.
"I get confused because the rules have changed over the years," she said.
Wegner notes visitors are not allowed in the mines when the commercial work is under way. But, as at the Coleman and other mines with commercial operations, tailings, which also yield good material, can be "mined" by youngsters ($6.50) and adults ($10.50), and there is no time limit. The mine also rents buckets and digging tools.
"It all starts with underwear and you build your wardrobe from there," agrees Patrick Doddy, senior vice president and brand director of A/X Armani Exchange. "It's literally the foundation to your style."
Glenda Westfall purchased a homemade snowman dough ornament for her granddaughter, Jess, from Tucson artist Lynn O'Hern. Westfall has bought ornaments from O'Hern at the festival every since her granddaughter was born 10 years ago.
The agencies will be open between 8 a.m. and 5.30 p.m. weekdays and until 7:30 p.m. on Tuesdays.
Sheiks and card sharks the world over have tried to whip Slim at poker. 'They've got about as much chance as gettin' a French kiss out of the Statue of Liberty,' he'll tell you in a semidisgusted drawl.
"He's a really outstanding defensive shortstop," said Russell of Buenger. "He's a real smart baseball player. He can move runners up and put the bat on the ball."
He should take a lesson from history. When Ronald Reagan replaced a similarly weak president, Jimmy Carter, the American hostages held by Iran were immediately released. The Reagan doctrine of "peace through strength" was and should always be the model we follow.
Performances, exhibits and a live museum showcased the South American country at the 42nd annual festival.
Rented costumes were forbidden, as were "dominoes, tramps and ordinary clown costumes and the like."
Babeu was flanked by supporters at the press conference Saturday, a number of whom took to the microphone to defend and laud the sheriff for his law-enforcement achievements. They all said Babeu's sexual orientation has no bearing on their assessment and support of him.
"We are so grateful for all of the love, support and prayers we have received," Simpson said in a statement on her website. "This has been the greatest experience of our lives!!"
But the prospect of a vacant, single-tenant building with no retail was rebuffed by many locals. As a result, the Spanish bank is targeting primarily investment clients such as high-net-worth South Americans.
2 hearts of romaine, basically a scaled-down version of the whole head
By Lisa Rose
But now it's over, and Cho and the rest of the Blazers' front office have transitioned into the off-season business of improving the team. He identified four areas he wants to improve: size, speed in the backcourt, depth and shooting.
Where: The Play House's Second Stage, PlayhouseSquare, Cleveland.
The 23rd overall pick in last month's draft, Reiff made his Lions debut at left tackle Friday and came as advertised. He was big and agile, moved well in bag drills and clearly was the best offensive lineman on the field (no surprise since the other nine linemen in camp are rookie free agents and tryout players).
Zach Nice (0-1) took the loss for the Pilots, who play host to San Francisco in a three-game West Coast Conference series beginning Friday.
As anticipation for the opening of "The Hunger Games" reaches a fever pitch, a central element is absent from every trailer, television ad and online video: the games themselves.
This is a good time to remind ourselves that the things that really matter in travel - skipping stones with Berber children, discussing Joyce with the white-eyebrowed denizen of an Irish pub, watching cloud shadows scud across jaggy peaks - are free, or nearly so.
same producer as the Domaine de Pouy. Like the Domaine de Pouy, the Lalande Sauvignon is imported by Bobby Kacher. This is a smoky, flavorful sauvignon blanc made in the style of a Pouilly-Fumé or Sancerre. It is a bolder, more complex wine than the Domaine de Pouy, and has an alcohol level of 12.5 percent. It is best served with food and would go well with fish or smoked seafood.
But more than a quarter of Fayette residents work in their home county, which is far enough out to lose some Atlanta radio signals.
The seven-member Max Impact plays anywhere from the homes of high-level State Department officials to areas of Iraq and Afghanistan too dangerous for the USO. They play the toughest shows because their mission is greater than that of your average rock band.
Problems with religious intolerance are nothing new for TAPPS.
Lake of the Ozarks: Bagnell Tailwater section: Water temperature is 86 degrees, high and dingy. Catfish fair using worms, cut baits, stinkbaits and chicken livers; black bass, white bass and crappie slow. Glaize section: Water temperature is 86 degrees and dingy. Black bass good using worms on secondary points at night; catfish fair using cut bait; crappie slow. Gravois section: Water temperature is 86 degrees and dingy. Catfish and black bass fair; all other species slow. Niangua and Osage sections: Water temperature is 86 degrees and dingy. Black bass good using worms on secondary points at night; catfish fair using cut bait; crappie slow.
Copy editors cut their teeth on arguments/conversations over words in the sausage-making that is journalism, grammar, quotes, commas, noun-verb agreement, flabby sentences, weak transitions and, yes, facts. "Those words are my babies," a writer once protested to me. So I was prepared for some arguments between D'Agata and Fingal, but they exceeded my expectations.
Last month, the 23-year-old R&B beauty went on her ''first date in almost two years''.
Q It sounds like you can arrive at tempos spontaneously, depending on the instrument.
Employees say the duo fosters an environment that simultaneously promotes fun and hard work, from parties that mark landmark birthdays to incentives for coming up with solid business ideas.
Coburn called the FDA's efforts to support innovation "a welcome first step," and pointed to the agency's July 13 appointment of industry-savvy Dr. Stephen Spielberg in the newly created position of deputy director as a sign of the agency's commitment.
Done right, magnet schools have shown they can provide a sizable boost in academic achievement for students struggling with English, said Judie Haynes, president of the New Jersey Teachers of English to Speakers of Other Languages/New Jersey Bilingual Educators.
Santorum made the most of it campaigning in Louisiana. With one of his Etch A Sketches in his left hand, he urged Louisiana voters to take Romney's adviser at his word, arguing that the former Massachusetts governor cannot be trusted. "They think they have this nomination in the bag, so it's time to reset. It's time to start moving to the middle," he said. "You have an opportunity here in Louisiana to make a very clear statement: You're not looking for someone who is the Etch A Sketch candidate. You are looking for someone who writes what they believe in in stone and stays true to what they say."
GLENDALE, Ariz. - Jonathan Toews expected to be a target, so he wasn't all that surprised that the Phoenix Coyotes gave him a few licks in Game 1 on Thursday.
"Overpricing your house by even 20 percent takes you out of the market," said Dawn Doleh of Russell Real Estate Services. "There's this mentality of 'List the price a little higher initially, and then we can always reduce it.' I've seen assets reduced by $50,000 or more, and that's just crazy. Those agents are not doing their job."
Asked if officiating is inconsistent, Franzen replied, "Very."
That would mean no hitting, no crushed noses and no boards over the head. No more, "Why, I oughta ..."
Michael Brantley, demoted to the seventh spot in the lineup so Damon could lead off, singled to center with two out against Will Ohman (0-1) in the eighth. Casey Kotchman worked Ohman for a walk and right-hander Addison Reed relieved to allow Hannahan's double past third.
Lucero liked to play with 6-year-old Evenny Reyes, until Mario Reyes put a stop to it because he feared Abel Gutierrez. When they were together, the two girls often played Lucero's favorite Nintendo Wii game, "Just Dance 3," because it featured her favorite song, "Party Rock Anthem" by LMFAO.
Wilson allegedly punched a 16-year-old male suspect in the head while he was handcuffed and sitting in the rear of a police car. The teen was arrested on felony charges about 3:50 p.m. Jan. 8, in the 1500 block of Tower Grove Avenue.
It'll take almost three years to finish this work, so patience will be required.
"He was a master builder," said Bruce Ratner of Forest City Enterprises, whose father, Harry, used to sell supplies to Helf. "He had a lot of courage. He did things nobody did."
Shoppers hit the stores early on Black Friday - actually, late on Thanksgiving Day in some cases.
This certainly is an appropriate environment for Stephen Karam's play about high school students, "Speech & Debate," but don't be deceived. While Karam's play and the ART production are full of broadly entertaining moments, the play offers something less than a rosy view of the high school experience. Karam takes us into the world of three misfit students, Howie, Solomon, and Diwata, who find themselves entangled in a rather uncomfortable school sex scandal.
Bookcafe Kavezo, top floor, 39 Andrassy Ave, District VI; 1-461-5835. Open 10 a.m.-10 p.m. daily.
Her disappearance prompted a previous search of the nearby Gilgo beach area
Go for cool and damp
<U+0093>The music is only a small part of it,<U+0094> he says. <U+0093>Most of the time, it's one on one <U+0097> maybe just talking to them, reading the Bible with them, or just being there.
The tight budget picture may force the Collinsville Area Recreation District, which has owned the structure since 2008, to reconfigure plans.
Bobby Egbert, a spokesman for the Port Authority Police Benevolent Association, said the union would not provide a lawyer for Legiec and wished the teen a quick recovery.
As unemployment rates have risen, the number of people in Illinois wrongly claiming benefits has not necessarily increased, said Rivara. Missouri officials said they don't see a correlation, either.
Let dry for an hour, and then use decoupage medium to add loose glitter. Use hot glue gun to add letters, gems and other embellishments.
Under their lease, the couple would get an industry standard 12.5 percent of the proceeds from any gas extracted from their property.
The lack of an arrest has led to protests across the U.S. and spurred a debate about race and the laws of self-defense. Zimmerman's father is white and his mother is Hispanic.
What high school sports mean to me: I love high school sports. I think it brings you closer to your teammates and teaches you how to be a team player. Overall, it's just a lot of fun.
In addition to installing the new sewer pipe on Southeast 11th, 12th and Milwaukie avenues, crews will also reconstruct manholes, according to the Bureau of Environmental Services. The project is scheduled to end in May.
Trailing by 10 with 4:43 to go, Josh Brown had an onside kick that traveled just 7 yards, then lobbied for an unsuccessful challenge, asserting that a Seahawks player had touched the ball.
What it is. China's labor force is expected to peak at this number in 2016, an increase of 24 million workers from today, according to new estimates released Tuesday by the U.S. Census Bureau.
Feinberg denied that and said the fund is doing the best it can given the more than 400,000 claims filed so far. About 122,000 of those have been paid or approved for payment. Feinberg said the larger business claims are taking longer because they're more complicated.
"I am terrible at it," Le admits, "but it is a great game to play when you are hosting a Game Night with a larger-than-average number of people."
"At Christmas, my mother did our house up in a big way," says Hansen, who grew up in Washington. "The things I do for my home and in the store are inspired by my childhood. That's why it's all so vintage-looking."
There is also a dangerous intersection at Maple Street and Central Avenue, said councilman Bob Robinson who suggested putting in a four-way stop sign at the crossing in addition to lowering the speed limit on Maple. Robinson said police told him there were “so many accidents” at the intersection that at least one adjacent family didn’t feel safe letting children play in their yard.
In a sign that the government doesn't want Chen's case to set a precedent or encourage others, Beijing has not publicized its meetings with the activist, and coverage by the domestic media, nearly all of which is state-owned, has been limited to dispatches by the official Xinhua News Agency and editorials criticizing the U.S.
Suggested subjects for "A World at War" can be made by contacting reporter Brian Albrecht at The Plain Dealer, 1801 Superior Ave., Cleveland, OH 44114; balbrecht@plaind.com or (216) 999-4853.
In finding PG&E to blame for the San Bruno disaster, the National Transportation Safety Board noted in August that the company had been unable to say where it obtained the cobbled-together assortment of short pieces of pipe, known as "pups," found at the blast site.
"The difference between me and William Buford is Will has to go. I have a choice, if I want to go or if I want to stay," Sullinger said. "I feel for people like William Buford because they have no choice but to leave this special place that touched his heart.
"He's obviously not in touch with reality," Hamilton said.
Bakshi would like to revisit "Wizards" and do a sequel, with some of the same messages as the original.
Having built one of the Web's most popular hangouts, Facebook is trying to extend its reach through new tools called "social plug-ins." These enable Facebook's users to share their interests in such products as clothes, movies and music on other websites. For instance, you might hit a button on Levis.com indicating you like a certain style of jeans, and then recommend a movie on another site. That information about the jeans and the movie might be passed along to other people in your Facebook network, depending on your privacy settings.
The person spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because the deal hasn’t been announced. It was first reported by The Record of Bergen County, N.J.
No doubt Puma wanted a slice of the $5-billion golf apparel market too. In the last 100 years, golf fashion has gone from tweed knickers and neckties to neon, collarless shirts and vented trousers. There's a celebrity charity event every weekend, which has only heightened the popularity of the game. There's no red carpet yet, but the greens have become a competitive fashion forum. Tiger Woods wears hot pink Nike; Samuel Jackson prefers canary yellow Titleist.
"We don't think the people involved in this were regulars," Rodriguez said. "Most of the people that come here are people we know."
Unlike blunt federal tax credits, which get more expensive the more successful they become, the California initiative is designed to achieve cost targets and expire after reaching technology milestones, not arbitrary calendar dates.
The inaugural ceremony was opened by its chair, Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., who told the crowd, "Future generations will mark this moment as the turning point of real and necessary change."
The following Saturday he showed up on her doorstep with other members of his family to fix it.
"From Breast Cancer to Broadway," 11 women's stories of living with the disease, opens at Karamu Theatre in Cleveland on Friday, Oct. 29.
You might have considered buying your cruise through a travel agent. An agent wouldn't have let you board a plane for Miami without proper paperwork, and might have been able to get you on a flight that ensured you didn't miss the ship in Miami. Also, a competent travel professional would have helped choose travel insurance that would have fully covered you.
In fact, venture capitalists' confidence about the next six to 18 months "marks a major inflection point upward in sentiment," according to the latest Silicon Valley Venture Capitalist Confidence Index.
- Edmundo Hidalgo, president and CEO Chicanos Por La Causa. <U+FFFD> "Do I think it's (the federal government's response) is enough? Absolutely not. There ought to be several thousand troops put on the border. We demand that the border be secured and the laws be enforced."
A full 14 months older than Harper, Trout is further along in his development and looks better poised to succeed right away. His 11.5% walk rate in the minors is excellent for such a young hitter. As long as that disciplined approach continues in the majors, he should be an effective leadoff man.
The National Weather Service predicts a 100 percent chance of rain today. Gusty winds and rain will hit the coast around 7 a.m. and will start falling in the Willamette Valley around noon.
The Vikings last year agreed with Ramsey County to build a $1.1 billion stadium on the site of a former ammunition plant but agreed to switch to Minneapolis when Dayton said the only way to get a public subsidy package passed at the Legislature this spring was to build in the state's largest city.
"It's one of those new-style places," Ethier said. "They're trying to re-invent the meatball or re-invent meatloaf. It's a real nice, modern, new age place. Has a great warm feeling; you sit at a communal table."
Nov. 29 Michigan
Virginia Commonwealth over Wichita State.Wichita State may have finished the regular season as the nation's best midmajor, but VCU is starting to look like VCU again. That could be trouble for the Shockers. After a slow start, Rams coach Shaka Smart has his team playing free and easy on offense and tenacious on defense, just like last year's Final Four edition.
Leyland said the right-handed-hitting Worth is due to start Sunday at second base.
Part of the time they were clearing out log jams along the Corey Brook. Following Irene in August and the snow storm in October, a number of trees fell, blocking the stream and causing flooding.
An eyewitness SAW Martin on top of Zimmerman beating him up AND said Zimmerman was crying out for HELP to him!!!
Pueblo County 28, Mitchell 20
NEW YORK - A lawsuit filed against the Recording Academy over its decision to trim the Grammy Award categories from 109 to 78 has been dismissed.
Favorite subject: U.S. History. "I enjoy learning about the origins of the country and seeing how far we have come as a nation."
"As weird as it is, I feel more confident now because now I take it personally,'' he said. "Now I feel like it's a challenge. We'll see if I respond better Tuesday.''
Holy Cross Lutheran Church, 4260 Rocky River Drive, Cleveland. Rummage Sale. Also, hot dogs, chips, soft drinks, coffee and bake sale items. 8 a.m. to 3 p.m. May 5. (216) 252-9148.
Seems like a no-brainer. Switchblade knives, which are easy to conceal when closed and turn lethal with the click of a button, have become rare because they are banned in most states for good reason. Nobody carries one to skin a deer, right?
College President Charles Mojock said all students now will be admitted if they meet academic requirements. He said the school will consult with parents about whether the student is mature enough to navigate the campus alone or may need an older "buddy" assigned.
Vivek Malhotra, advocacy and policy counsel for the ACLU, said she thinks the threat of Arizona-style legislation will continue to be a rallying cry into 2011, but believes many states ultimately won't follow through for fear of repercussions.
"You just kept hitting a wall," York said. "And we couldn't find a way to get around that wall. You're always going to run into a wall on a project like this. But usually, you can find a way around it. We couldn't in this case."
Combine seasoned salt, pepper and flour in a large bowl. Add lamb and toss to coat.
A Perth Amboy man was arrested this afternoon on charges he robbed the Washington Mutual Bank on the corner of Avenel Street and St. Georges Avenue in Woodbridge of an undisclosed amount of cash, authorities said.
Williams will be transferred from the Mid-State Correctional Facility in Wrightstown on Aug. 19 after he finishes an 18-month sentence for aggravated assault. From there, he'll begin serving a one-year sentence for driving while intoxicated in New York City.
For rum syrup:
"We've beaten them mostly in the past, but we have also lost to them a few times," she said. "Anything can happen. We're going to go and look over some footage, and talk about what we're going to do.
Travel Industry Association of America publishes an annual report for Illinois that is figured by the lodging tax, the food and beverage tax and population figures that are sent to us, divided by county. The average traveler spends $129 per person per day. Sports event participants coming from outside the area spend $89 per person per day.
'Risk everything. Fear nothing.'
"If there's buzz for a movie," Choi said, "most Korean Americans know about it right away."
"A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum": Beaverton Civic Theatre is auditioning for roles in the musical. Auditions Feb. 25-26. 503-754-9866 or www.beavertoncivictheatre.org.
The 8th Ohio District Court of Appeals -- unlike our state legislators and Supreme Court -- recognizes that home rule is enshrined in the Ohio Constitution, not merely stuck there to inconvenience powerful lobbyists and labor unions.
Services will be hosted by the Chester American Legion, Thursday at 11 a.m. at Chubb Park, Routes 24 and 206. www.chesternj.com or (908) 879-5100.
Jamieson did her job. Somehow, I walked out of The Q in mid-afternoon without having consumed a bag of the super-salty, buttery popcorn from concessions and a 20-ounce Dr. Pepper from vending. Popcorn and Dr. Pepper have been my snacks of choice at The Q for as long as I can remember.
Appearing with the presumptive GOP nominee at a rally in Portsmouth, Va., Bachmann called for unity in the Republican ranks to defeat President Obama in November, saying she wanted to "lend my voice and my endorsement to Mitt Romney to take the country back."
A sharp influx of undocumented immigrant children in recent months has severely strained the federal government's capacity to provide them with shelter, leaving hundreds of children sleeping on cots in gymnasiums and in an Air Force dormitory in Texas.
-And in the end, benefits reform was achieved.
Yemeni authorities reached by the AP declined to comment. Many offices were closed because Friday is a day off in Yemen.
øReay said he knew his best chance was to try to make a move at the restarts.
Police learned from the employees that Fedo had also been seen at a beach in the area, which led them to believe that their suspect stayed somewhere nearby.
And the administration has hinted that Kasich will make a major announcement involving the technology industry.
He looks around for danger when he parks his car and is uncomfortable in crowds. Loud sounds make him jumpy. He chastises himself for being suspicious of men who resemble the late killer; he felt tempted to fetch his shotgun one day when a man came to the door to prune the trees.
In Northern Virginia, where I spent some of my growing-up years, the Civil War is so entwined with day-to-day life that you cannot escape it. If proximity to Manassas, Va., and Gettysburg, Pa., weren't reminder enough, there is always Abraham Lincoln's statue, 125 tons of sorrow, at his memorial in the District of Columbia.
But the company is close to a decision on relocating within the Columbia Gorge region. And one option is a move across the river to Oregon.
"He was a cop's cop," Smith said of Matlosz. "He was an aggressive police officer who dedicated his life to the the profession."
It's no wonder. This aquarium is probably the only saltwater body in Florida where you will encounter 40 species of marine life in a 45-minute dive. There are no rough seas, no strong currents and the tank is only 27 feet deep. The only drawback is the constant 77-degree water temperature — relatively chilly for a South Florida diver, but spa conditions for fish, rays, turtles and sharks that hail from the Caribbean.
Marijuana is indelibly associated with food, whether it is chemotherapy patients using the drug to try to develop an appetite, or, farcically, a couple of stoners with an overpowering case of the munchies in "Harold & Kumar Go To White Castle." Secret "herb dinners" with appetizers, entrees and desserts are reported in newspaper food sections. One restaurant chain, CHeBA HUT, is based on a marijuana theme. And patrons of the World Famous Cannabis Cafe in Portland can get a burger or lasagna packing a pot punch in between choruses of karaoke.
øThe deposition also includes discussion of Clemens' wife, Debbie, receiving a shot of HGH from McNamee in 2003 in their Houston home after the pitcher said she read a USA TODAY story about its possible health implications.
Is Metta World Peace really speaking in third person if he refers to himself as "Ron Artest"?
Howard Thompson, economic development director for the City of Cleveland Heights, said that Pine Tree Management Co., which manages Severance Town Center, "has worked very, very hard to try to get Walmart to continue operations at Severance," and that the last he knew, the company had not said it was leaving.
A. I remember once winning a prize and my family flicking and saying it was vulgar.
Authorities said Killgore's body was found hours after paramedics were called to a San Diego motel and found Lopez with self-inflicted cuts and a suicide note.
"Were it not for the bravery of the 84th Division, I would not be here today, nor would my sister or our children," she wrote.
Over the past five years, I've attempted to write about California in a way that respects and honors its diversity, but also celebrates its uniqueness, its quirkiness and its pre-eminence as an engine of innovation. I'm now leaving The Chronicle to take on other challenges - mainly to help devise new strategies for how the media can cover and report on key issues facing California.
Betancourt had been battling the injury for nearly a month. Royals manager Ned Yost said the initial injury took place on April 4 during a spring-training game against the San Diego Padres in Lake Elsinore, Calif.
Brent Seabrook ties Game 1 with a shot with 14.2 seconds remaining. Then Patrick Sharp ties Game 2 with 5.5 seconds left.
Lananna, who carries an associate athletic director's title, wants a world-class indoor facility adjacent to Hayward Field, with a 200-meter track and enough seating to allow the Ducks to play host to the NCAA Indoor and USA Indoor Championships.
Sur la Table's bags can fit a 23-pound turkey and come two to a pack ($9.95 at Sur la Table stores and surlatable.com).
Overnight, the Senate also passed a $46 million package of business tax breaks. The vote came less than a week after Dayton vetoed a larger package that would have blown a $200 million hole in the state budget in coming years.
But as a cast member, you're coming out of retirement for the silver anniversary. Do the younger skaters tease you about being the old man on the tour?
"Adjectives typically reflect the meaning of corresponding nouns, but not always," Roberts said. Thus, even though Congress included corporations in the noun "person" in the FOIA, it does not necessarily follow that "personal" also would apply to them, Roberts said.
Rare Plant Research: Four specialty nurseries open this weekend to the public; wine tastings offered by King's Raven Winery. Call or check the website for updates with details on participating nurseries. 11 a.m.-4 p.m. Sat-Sun, May 21-22. Rare Plant Research, 11900 S. Criteser Road, Oregon City; www.rareplantresearch.com or 503-780-6200
The Plain Dealer's Bill Livingston talks about what could happen to McCoy and who will be the starting quarterback next season. He also gives his take on what the Browns should do in the second round.
Onslaught, Mpire of Evil, Souless 7 p.m. Apr. 2. $14-$17.
4. Peyton Manning, Indianapolis: The most cerebral, he took "field general" to a new level. Dome-based, but proved long ago he could win in bad weather.
"But in a 16-hour day, we could pick up 100 cubic yards of debris and 15,000 gallons of oil a day," he said. "And we had spills that would take four or five days, so there was a lot of stuff on that river."
Officials of the State Board of Healing Arts could not be reached Wednesday regarding the claim by Operation Rescue.
Asdrubal Cabrera led off the Tribe eighth with a bloop single into right-center against lefty Matt Thornton. Carlos Santana's bloop to right-center pushed Cabrera to third.
Penalties and other mistakes kept New Orleans' league-leading offense from getting any rhythm through three quarters, and three times the Saints got within 11 yards of the end zone only to settle for a field goal.
Cleveland's district will have yielded more than $16 million during its five-year term, estimated Joe Marinucci, the alliance's president and chief executive officer. About 70 percent of the annual assessments support the Clean and Safe ambassadors, a crew of yellow-shirted workers who patrol downtown streets. The program, which launched in April 2006, employs about 55.
“There’s some real discussion that needs to happen, especially around the term length of the mayor,” Folsom said. “I need the voters’ input.”
(Cue another round of laughter.)
For anyone looking to make long-term investments, the situation right now offers plenty of grounds for caution. And it's not just because of Libya.
I receive a lot of email from Blazers fans who have suggestions for the organization. This season the advice ranges from remedies to the team's injury problems -- including better nutrition and better shoes -- to a reader who suggested that Nancy Kerrigan cursed the Blazers. You know, after Tonya's knee-job.
YouTube concluded their event with a surprise performance from Jay-Z, who created the YouTube channel Life and Times.
853 Dumont Place #A, $48,500
Maplewood-Richmond Heights
As you may have learned shortly after you mailed this letter, Branch and Bowe received the franchised tag from their teams. So they're out.
THN editors made their regret official this month. “Well, as of this moment, James is being officially stripped of his 1989 Man of the Year Award from The Hockey News,” senior writer Ken Campbell wrote.
FirstMerit scored well for its branches and facilities, product offerings and fees. But customers don't necessarily need low fees to be happy, Beird said; they just want a clear explanation of the fees up front.
When I asked Haag how she worked to improve her own marriage, she said the process of researching and writing the book helped her appreciate what she had.
"It's a tough game to stay into it, mentally wise," said
Reese and Adams said their decisions were difficult, but they're committed to holding officers accountable. They want to make sure officers who carry AR-15 rifles go through scenario-based training that reinforces bureau policy that officers are to use as little reliance on force as practical to accomplish their mission and consider all circumstances.
The job will get done faster if you give cleaning solutions time to work. Spritz counters, mirrors and surfaces in the bath and kitchen. Let them sit while you scrub the sink, tub and toilet, then go back and wipe them clean.
In the short term, the agency is hiring four temporary workers to reduce its background-check backlog; it also plans to hire more licensing workers this year.
Besides the 10 percent increase in consumer checking accounts, commercial relationships grew at a rate of 8.4 percent.
"There is no need for a rush to judgment other than to hide out from prying eyes," Wolf said. "No hardship will befall the state ... or cost it great sums of money."
While competing with online social games and less-expensive titles on smartphones and tablet computers, Nintendo also is revamping its portable and home machines to keep pace with Sony Corp. and Microsoft Corp. Nintendo plans to debut a new home console, the Wii U, this year.
Ford's race to smaller engines represents an industry trend as automakers woo fuel-conscious consumers and work to meet increasingly stringent fuel-economy standards, said Jesse Toprak, an analyst for TrueCar, an auto price information company.
(03-19) 19:49 PDT SAN FRANCISCO -- Pacific Gas and Electric Co. executives defended the utility's position Monday that customers should pay for most of a $2.2 billion post-San Bruno pipeline safety program, even as they signaled that additional work in coming years could boost the price tag to $11 billion.
Before the business was available publicly in late March, the Woodcut Maps team made approximately 100 maps, mostly for family, friends and friends of friends. Ian Kizu-Blair, 29, a game designer, ordered one for a wedding gift.
Also on the block is the Texas Rangers cap Jose Canseco was wearing in 1993 when a ball hit by Cleveland Indian Carlos Martinez bounced off Canseco's head and then over the outfield wall for an assisted homer. That's expected to sell for more than $4,000.
After her offensive heroics, she was still left with an inning left of work on the mound. After giving up a walk and a sacrifice bunt to put the tying run on second base, Sutherland-Finch struck out the next two batters to end the game.
India imports around 70 percent of its oil, and about 9 percent of the imports are from Iran. The U.S. official said India had recently stepped up imports of oil from Saudi Arabia to make up for the reduction in Iranian oil and that the U.S. was eager to see the Indians explore other alternatives. Iran is India's second-largest crude oil supplier after Saudi Arabia and according to media reports imports 550,000 barrels a day.
"I just thought it was the coolest thing ever," said Madeline Metz, a 15-year-old Grant High School student who grew up admiring her mother. Her only fashion doll was a Mia Hamm figure.
Opera Per Tutti
Now, it might finally be over. And, the timing is impeccable.
He had 26 points and five assists in a 52-42 win against Washington on Friday. He made eight of 16 shots, including four of seven from 3-point range.
You can feel it happening. You can see it too — the leaves will darken and shrink to almost half their pre-massage volume.
Jonathan Schoenwald directs Hunter College's Macaulay Honors College, which serves 430 undergraduates.
Ben Lerner.
D Jeremy St. Amand, sr., Parkway North
Noise Rating: THREE BELLS Open noon-8:30 p.m. Thanksgiving prix-fixe menu with dishes such as Maytag blue cheese souffle, turkey with chestnut-sage dressing and vanilla-roasted pear.
Swidarski said the current headquarters at 5995 Mayfair Road in Green was built in 1970. Despite three additions, it is outdated and inadequate for a company whose $2.82 billion business spans 90 countries, he said.
The death of Bruce D. Diersen, 54, has raised new questions about a troubled division at the state Department of Human Services responsible for thousands of disabled and vulnerable adults. The division's initial review of Diersen's case was so incomplete and poorly executed that top department officials ordered a second inquiry, according to sources with direct knowledge of the investigation.
Several days later, the Elkton police department, acting on a warrant for the woman's medical record, found a freezer with about 35 late-term fetuses. Elkton police didn't immediately return a telephone message Friday night.
roasted beets and more. A French Creole fiddler will provide tunes, as will DJs spinning local and French pop music.
Ebanks, 22, started the Lakers' first four games but went almost directly to the end of the bench, then the Development League, before returning to the Lakers. He was averaging only 2.3 points before Saturday.
Paul Clement, a former solicitor general under President George W. Bush, will defend SB 1070 for Arizona. U.S. Solicitor General Donald Verrilli, Obama's designated Supreme Court lawyer, will argue against the law on behalf of the federal government.
Jonathan Goldman, a Local School Council member at Drummond Elementary in the Bucktown neighborhood, said he, along with members of the group 6.5 to Thrive, met with Brizard last Friday.
But rarely have the Ducks faced a lineup like this:
It started as a bunch of guys going to imagine themselves in cars they couldn't afford. Now it is something more.
It's becoming like a daily roll-call lately. Part of the routine for Orlando Jones High head football coach Kenard Lang, who sends out text messages each time star defensive end Devin Washington receives a college scholarship offer.
"The obesity problem is likely to get much worse without a major public health intervention," says Eric Finkelstein, a health economist with Duke University Global Health Institute and lead researcher on the new study. He presented his analysis at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's "Weight of the Nation" meeting, where experts are discussing strategies for the prevention and control of obesity. The study is being published online in the American Journal of Preventive Medicine.
The competition is open to both home and professional cooks age 18 in Washington, Oregon and California, and the recipes must feature Foster Farms chicken and all-fresh ingredients. (Sorry, folks: no cans of Campbell's soup!) Semifinal events will be held in August and September to select six finalists, who will cook their dishes Sept. 28 in St. Helena, Calif.
Frank Lane, Germantown, Tenn: My childhood memories are full of different times I would listen to the Tigers on the radio with my Great Grandpa when we went up north or my Grandma when I visited her. The Tigers were always "Grandma's Tigers.<U+0094> Grandma always knew the right time to make a change in the lineup, either on the mound or any other position. She never picked a favorite, but I am pretty sure Sparky was her favorite manager and after Al Kaline, Gibby was probably her favorite player. She always used to say, "I wish he would get a hair cut." When I moved to New York, Grandma clipped every newspaper article about the Tigers and mailed them to me each week. One year I decided she should get a chance to catch a live ball game. After all, she was 73 years old and they were "Grandma's Tigers.<U+0094> We went to Tiger Stadium for an afternoon game. She would have nothing to do with being dropped off at the gate or using her handicap pass to park close. She wanted to walk up. I had gotten Tiger Den seats. She could not believe that they wiped off the seat before we sat down! She was also amazed that we could order food and they would bring it to us!
Graham Zusi recorded his league-leading sixth assist for Sporting, the first team to start a season 6-0 since the Los Angeles Galaxy won their first 12 games in 1998.
The difference she made: Skowronek, her daughter and varsity cheerleader Natalie Skowronek, and about 10 other girls decided to sell the shirts. The issue caused a divide between the school and the community, and resonated throughout the country. The cheer booster club ended up disbanding. The girls collected more than $10,000 for breast cancer research, and are still selling the $15 shirts through saveyourbumps@yahoo.com.
The Republican minority proposed a "level headed, level funded" budget that held spending to last year's $34.7 billion total. It had no tax increases, spent $600 million less than the doomsday budget, and was rejected by the Democrats.
Oklahoma City, though, took over in the fourth quarter.
Movin' on up: Former San Francisco District Attorney Kamala Harris - now California's top cop - apparently hasn't forgotten her roots: Harris announced this week that she's brought two familiar faces on board at the attorney general's office.
"I do wish the chief all the best in future endeavors," Mays said.
DRAFT PROCESS (rosters and draft recap below): To help ensure relatively even teams we used the snake draft method with the requirement that we each had to draft a full starting lineup on both sides of the ball, plus kickers and long snappers, before moving on to backups. Consequently, because Kenjon Barner and De'Anthony Thomas are both very good running backs and each team would get one or the other, I didn't select Barner until Round 10. Therefore, Moseley didn't need to select Thomas until the final rounds.
"They just throw you in there and tell you to hit it," Connor Eisenbeis said about hitting cleanup.
"I have two!" one protestor fired back.
The capsules were all confiscated but no one has been punished because the amount was deemed small and they weren't intended for sale, said the customs official, who requested anonymity, citing department rules.
"I stopped playing in the mud," she said, "when I was 5 years old."
Oregon (15-8) has now lost three consecutive games for the first time this year, and two Texas State home runs proved to be the difference in the game. The Ducks also allowed Texas State’s leadoff batters to reach four times during the game, and each of those four times the runner came around to score.
It also produces clouds of radioactive ash that includes cesium-137, iodine-131, radioactive strontium and a host of other long-lived byproducts of the explosion — known collectively as fallout. This material can collect on skin and clothing, where it can emit radiation that pierces the skin. More important, it can accumulate in food, milk, water and other products that are ingested. It is not clear how many Hiroshima residents died of cancer from this source, but some estimates put it at more than 100,000.
Naturally, given Lindsay's stature in the game, the award recognizes the NHL's "most outstanding player." That sounds a lot like the Hart, but heed: It's players who vote on the Ted Lindsay award, while the Hart gets its votes from members of the Professional Hockey Writers Association.
Obama has placed little emphasis on gun issues, to the dismay of groups such as the Brady Center to Prevent Gun Violence. In its most recent assessment, in 2010, the group flunked on Obama on all seven issues it deemed important and expressed disbelief at his performance.
Member’s of Lane’s family have not returned calls, and the Nolan family asked a reporter to leave them alone. T.J. Lane’s attorneys cannot discuss the case with the media because of a gag order.
Nationally, about 17 percent of children and teens were obese in 2009 and 2010, the latest available data. That's about the same as at the beginning of the decade, though a closer look by Ogden shows continued small increases in boys, especially African-American boys.
"You made me tweet," Christie told Fallon.
ATry the simple fixes first. Make sure the dimmer control is set to fully bright and not in a dim setting. Then, with the car parked and running outside in daylight, cover the ambient light sensor on the dash and see if the lights shift to night mode in one minute. A scan tool can check for faults including a B2647 or B2648 code for a faulty, open or shorted ambient light sensor.
"It's very spiritual to be here, and especially for my mother, who is 90, who deserved it even more."
"It's not the first and hopefully it's not the last," Johnson said of his goal against his former club. "But if felt good."
7 Noreen M. Evans (D)*
"I'm still amazed by this coincidence," said Jann Davidson, Westlands' daughter. She is sure her mom and Marjorie, who each married in 1941 at Pensacola Navy Air Station, would have been lifelong friends had they met then.
Afternoon kindergarten and Project Happy classes were cancelled.
Board members said the search for a new superintendent would begin immediately.
Verzbicas ran most of his laps between 63-65 seconds, but he dug deep and closed in about 61 for his final lap.
"I'd suggest they start analyzing the sediments of the mouths of urban rivers," where plastics heavier than water get mixed in with soils, Moore said.
Grade on their abilities
Damara Hendrix, Normandy
Width: 66.7"
The Red Bull Air Race at Liberty State Park in Jersey City has drawn thousands for the second day in a row.
Back in the day when enforcers like John "Rambo" Kordic roamed the ice for the Canadiens, cheapjack goon tactics abounded. Forward who went anywhere near the crease expected to get cross-checked while referees shrugged.
City Administrator Frank Myers said the mismanagement had been documented in an audit requested by Mayor Loretta Johnson from county police officials who are overseeing Dellwood's police operations.
Ford also has a commercial vehicle venture, Jiangling Motors Corp., which saw sales fall in China, sold 22,005 wholesale vehicles this month, a slight dip from 21,892 wholesale vehicles in March 2011.
Anne Kaplan, Bruce and Deborah Crown, Ed and Dia Weil, and Aleksandra Efimova joined ABT artistic director Kevin McKenzie and executive director Rachel Moore at the celebration. McKenzie recounted his days as a dancer, performing at the Auditorium Theatre, and expressed his excitement about returning to "one of the best theaters in the country."
Jurors in the federal racketeering trial of the former Cuyahoga County commissioner listened to a secretly recorded conversation between Doug Price, a developer for the 668 Building in downtown Cleveland and Pumper.
In fact, Enterprise probably would have furnished you with a new van.
“I was the most nervous I’ve ever been in my entire life,” he said.
"The Horror of Tradition" makes for a provocative exhibition title, and a focus on needlework further preloads this show at Andrew Shire with substantive issues relating to gender, handwork and tradition. But the show only sporadically lives up to its name and theme. Each of the five artists has adopted stitchery of one sort or another as a subversive tool, a pathway to social critique or humor.
This is especially true during spring. Springtime in Missouri is wonderful. I look forward to it each year. You probably do, too.
"There are so many officers that are available," Pettit said. "We have radios."
He said the exposure may lead to customers switching to a higher-quality grass. "When people are looking for quality, they look to us in Oregon."
The Maryland Lottery announced earlier Saturday that it had sold a winning ticket at a retail store in Baltimore County. No details were immediately available about the Kansas ticket.
State officials discovered the images Thursday. They appear to be snapshots taken by students with cellphones, Hefner said. Most depict blank answer booklets and students posing with closed test booklets, but some show question pages and completed answer pages.
According to an affidavit, the woman used the stun gun on Trooper Aaron Turcotte on Wednesday after he showed up at her house. He was not seriously hurt.
RYU is a public company, traded as an over-the-counter stock. The company, which keeps its corporate headquarters in Las Vegas, had $4.4 million in cash at the end of September, according to a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. That, combined with sales revenue and issue of more stock should be enough to sustain the company for the next 12 months, the company said in the filing. But Martens said in an interview that issuing stock is not regarded as an appealing option because of the potential to dilute value of existing shares.
I can only wonder.
Whoopi Goldberg guests as Rachel and Kurt audition for coveted slots at the New York Academy of the Dramatic Arts.
3. LaMichael James, RB, Oregon, Soph., Odds: 5-1, vs. Arizona: Still leads nation in yards per game, will get some more exposure Friday night.
Anthony Patrick Parker, 53, of the 6000 block of Majors Lane in Columbia, is facing one count each of first-degree murder and first-degree assault. He is also being held without bond at the detention center in Jessup, accused of killing Phillip Edward Wise on Sept. 13 in a parking lot in the 5500 block of Harpers Farm Road.
Comden said the group's experts have done far more research than government officials or the mining company's consultants. The risk remains real, she said, because no one is certain what will happen to the water chemistry once mining starts.
Goaltender Brian Elliott has done a fabulous job since stepping in for Jaroslav Halak. Blues defensemen are blocking shots in front of him and the forwards are clamping down on the backcheck.
Today's high temperature could reach 27 degrees. Forecasters expect temperatures to top the freezing mark Saturday.
"I thought I was going to die when it hit," said Megumi Ishii, 26, who was walking miles home in Tokyo. "At first, it didn't shake that much. But then the shaking got more violent and everyone in my office got under their desks. The ceiling tiles came off and some things fell off shelves."
For all of the logical arguments that can be made against publicly funding stadiums, cities are collections of buildings. Minnesota's politicians have ensured that our cities for decades to come will be guaranteed the presence of major sports teams housed in gorgeous buildings.
That, in turn, could hurt lease prices.
The Casino issue passed Tuesday in Ohio on the strength of what has been a long-standing voting pattern on gambling issues in the state, generally picking up support where the casinos are to be built.
TRENTON — Like taxpayers, states don’t usually volunteer to open their books to the Internal Revenue Service.
He's just so McDreamy! Patrick Dempsey's "Grey's Anatomy" character saves lives every Thursday night on TV, but this week, he took his heroism to real life when he witnessed a car crash right outside his Malibu home.
Prices of late-model used cars are expected to peak for the year over the next six weeks or so, according to analysts at the National Automobile Dealers Assn. Used Car Guide.
Principal: Todd Phillips, CEO and president.
Milligan said being undefeated "definitely puts pressure on you. You know that there are no easy games or games that you can take off. It's hard work every day.
"It's nice and peaceful here," says Nary, who remains thin and gaunt with a flyaway beard. "My daughter takes pretty good care of me."
Obama spoke to millions from the well of the U.S. House of Representatives in an address timed to end before the kickoff of the inaugural contest of the National Football League season.
Next week's State of the Pistons event is one example.
"What we really need is a test that tells us which women are most likely to benefit, because there's significant cost, in dollars and in side effects and risks," Lichtenfeld says.
Or so they thought. Levin was several steps ahead of most guessers.
A student alerted Reed College campus security, who called police at 11:37 p.m. Lluch was found dead in his Naito Hall room, on the north side of campus near Southeast Steele Street.
At this point, there is still no plan in place to fully restore other inpatient care.
He said his goal was to avoid cuts that parents complain about most -- closing schools, raising class sizes or reducing sports and extracurricular activities.
-- Pfeifer said to get the meet on television, The Armory would have had to pay for the time.
Moullé started at Chez Panisse in 1975; Tanis arrived a few years later. But with April showers come May flowers.
Part high-altitude adventure movie, part kidnapping caper film, "A Lonely Place to Die" is more exciting than smart, though that's not the worst thing you can say about a movie.
"I'm not the biggest fan," said Maddison Bilderain, a fifth-grader. "The french fries are too soft."
Burkamp says she would have been teaching her senior creative writing and Sophomore English classes today, “but I’m in support of my union and my fellow teachers.”
The humane society, which sits in a flood prone area near Mill Creek and two storm overflow quarries in south Salem, opened its spay and neuter clinic on time at 7 a.m. But with torrential rain hammering the property, creating standing pools of water, officials decided not to open the shelter as they monitored conditions.
So how did Bond become a bike fixer?
This affects more than two-thirds of the county's registered voters. If it wins approval, the tax bill for a $100,000 home will go up about $14 a year. Businesses valued at $100,000 will pay about $43 a year; farmers will pay 64 cents an acre.
Cooper arrived on the scene in 1995. He presented to the elite wine world a hand-numbered, vintage-date selection of village mezcals. And all who came to know them, and him, were changed.
Cameron may also face new embarrassment if, as expected, Britain's media ethics inquiry orders him and ex-News of The World editor Rebekah Brooks to disclose scores of text messages they exchanged while she ran the tabloid.
Some of the submissions already are on display at the 9/11 Memorial Preview Site, opened last month near ground zero as a temporary exhibit until the memorial and museum are completed.
But yet the price of oil rises. These speculators need to be stopped. And laws like the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform act intended to do just that.
Last weekend, these former senior pageant winners and finalists showed off their singing and dancing routines at 11 p.m. shows in the Anaheim Hilton After Dark Lounge. McCabe-Kohler, 77, discussed the group.
Sunway Gaming LLC's application to put a casino in Sugar Creek, near Kansas City, was rejected for being too incomplete, a spokeswoman for the Missouri Gaming Commission said Tuesday.
Petra Cetkovcka (4), Czech Republic, def. Heather Watson, Britain, 6-3, 6-1.
The appeals court relied on a similar 2007 Ohio Supreme Court case that declared illegal drug dealing as a form of employment which negates disability benefits. The appeals court said based on the four transactions that led to his arrest, McNea could have made at least $24,000 annually selling drugs.
Changes afoot: Kerry Wood warmed up without getting into games on quite a few occasions in 2011. Wood never complained, but it wasn't exactly conducive to keeping him healthy.
ATLANTIC CITY — New Jersey Assembly Speaker Sheila Oliver said lawmakers will find a way to prevent the state’s public broadcaster from going off the air Jan. 1.
He won't freak out, though, if his performance drops a bit.
But there's also email - sometimes encrypted, sometimes not. The National Security Agency has some powers to probe it, but not enough for a constantly shifting information battlefield.
Food shelf donations are welcome. Calvin Presbyterian is at 177 Glendale Dr., Long Lake. Call 952-473-5419.
By a 2005 agreement, the center's daily programming -- classes, meal service, educational workshops, trips, special events and volunteer opportunities -- were until then organized by the nonprofit Community Senior Center of Hillsboro Inc., working out of the city-owned building at 750 SE Eighth Ave.
The gathering had been scheduled for a church that holds a few hundred people, but on Thursday afternoon, officials shifted the location to Fort Mellon Park, fearing the church wouldn't be big enough. They were right. By 8 p.m., the sidewalks, streets and the walkway skirting the shores of Lake Monroe were crammed with several thousand people, many carrying signs calling for justice for Martin, who was shot to death Feb. 26 as he walked through a gated community to a relative's home after buying a package of Skittles and an Arizona Iced Tea.
Based on that figure, when the Trail Blazers ranked third in the league in average home attendance last season at 20,524, they should have received more than a 5 percent advantage in discretionary-turnover calls over the 2005-06 season, when they were last in the league with 15,049.
Even if you love to travel, at times the hairy logistics can present you with plenty of opportunities to blow your cool. On the other hand, a situation is only stressful if you perceive it to be. "A lot depends on your appraisal of the evidence," says Carlos Grijalva, a professor of psychology and behavioral neuroscience at UCLA. "How you evaluate the situation is critical."
"A year ago, I would say it was different, but when I call lenders now to talk to them, we are seeing more of a willingness to help from banks," Stone said.
To get a good base volume for those just starting out, Wisoff recommends:
"You can drive through the state and not see a tractor moving, which is unheard of," said Blake Hurst, head of the Missouri Farm Bureau. "The whole state is shut down."
"The first thing they assured us was, ‘We're not trying to change the Bears uniform.' That was a tremendous relief to us," McCaskey said. "The look of our team is extremely important to our family. We didn't want to deviate from the classic, Chicago Bears look."
There are similarities between this distressed property and the distressed property called the Sacramento Kings.
The three-headed monster of seniors Jacob Fanshier (12.9 points and 7.6 rebounds per game), Tyler Moore (14.8 ppg, 7 rpg) and Nick Hoff (11.8 ppg, 3.2 rpg) have helped lead the Knights to a solid start to the season.
In large bowl, combine cereal, pretzels, nuts and seeds. Stir in turmeric to distribute evenly. Stir in dried fruit.
"This is a family tragedy," said Marcus Lagozzino's mother, Marlynn Lagozzino, on Tuesday.
Here's his prospect Q & A:
I don't even really know what that garment is that Gretchen got -- some kind of small, wrap kind of a thing with shiny applique details. But, she says, she's going to make it work, 'cause that's what they're supposed to do.
Schildkret said he was forwarded the letter from a Higley teacher and friend who raised concerns about plagiarism. He said the friend did not want to be named because the person fears retaliation.
The writer is a former chief hearing examiner of the Maryland Public Service Commission.
"We're competing against people who have degrees; it's a lot harder for kids to get jobs," said Gelisa Ross, a 17-year-old senior at Belleville East Township High School who is still searching for a summer gig.
Even before her diagnosis 18 years ago, Sims supported local breast cancer organizations and events. She is a board member of Minority Women with Breast Cancer United Inc. and is active in a cancer support group at Antioch Baptist Church in Cleveland.
Then there's the matter of the Salvation Army, a church, running a government function.
The Spartans have another game of significance Wednesday against Fort Zumwalt East that could determine positioning in the upcoming Class 4 District 8 tournament. The seeding meeting will be held later that evening.
-- The agency won't police companies the SEC regulates, such as stockbrokers.
That purpose was supporting the war effort, particularly James "Bud" Lowery, her fiance serving in the Navy who married her on a leave during the war.
Zito issued seven walks and got pulled after 3 2/3 innings, trailing 2-0. The Giants were on the verge of being shut out for the first time in 2012 before rallying in the ninth. Joaquin Arias hit an RBI single, and Blanco drove in the other run with a drag bunt.
Nathan Lukes, Center 4
Rich Exner is The Plain Dealer's data analysis editor
When the play is over, we are left wondering if the characters will ever really change their way of interacting with the world.
225 Naomi Av, $47,000
Still, Dench does some of the loveliest work of her lengthy and esteemed career here as Evelyn, who's recently widowed after 40 years of marriage and struggling to establish an identity on her own. She's one of several elderly Brits who travel to a resort in Jaipur, India, that advertises itself as an elegant destination for retirees.
Robert Parks, 47, was a bond trader for Cantor Fitzgerald and lived in Manhattan.
He suggested the 2008 Cantele Salice Salento Riserva ($12.99) and the 2009 Michele Chiarlo Barbera d'Asti Superiore ($11.99). They were both good matches for my whole-wheat penne, marinara sauce and meatless meatballs. But they are very different wines, and the one you'd prefer depends, of course, on your palate.
For a long time, lenders - banks, hard-money loan companies and individual investors - shared in the bounty.
Ellis, a former investigative reporter who joined the commission in January, makes clear that she's not arguing that there aren't any problems with regulations, or that economic analysis can't be a useful tool.
Dunbar is known for being an effective pass rusher off the edge, and the Spartans see him as a player that can add size and maintain his quickness of the ball. Dunbar<U+0092>s primary recruiter from Michigan State is coach Dan Roushar.
Vince Russo sent the televisions to Santina "Sandy" Klimkowski, a former Maple Heights School Board member and aide to Frank Russo, and instructed her to give one of them to Christopher Krause, who was treasurer of Maple Heights schools.
At Township, Hill became a school celebrity with his morning antics, including a classic skit featuring the song Stacy’s Mom by Fountains of Wayne.
Anyone interested in receiving an application for any of the scholarships should contact Jeanne Chianese, confidential aide to Ocean County Prosecutor Marlene Lynch Ford at (732) 929-2020.
I would never argue with her. Genetics and attitude might explain almost everything, but right now there is an opportunity to cash in on the boomers' fear of mortality.
At the time, sangiovese was largely an untested child in California, but it had a long and proud history in Italy, especially Tuscany, where it provides the foundation for one of the world's truly noble if generally underappreciated wines, Chianti Classico.
Kurt Lehovec
“We have to take it back to Michigan. Now, I don’t know about you, but I want to return to Corvallis with that trophy.”
Changes in people's social support systems - higher divorce rates, fewer children and people living farther away from their families - has helped drive this trend, said James Serpell, a veterinary ethics professor at the University of Pennsylvania's School of Veterinary Medicine.
If a restaurant is going to be good at one thing, what should it be?
"We have a two-day window of weather fairly favorable for us to make hay," he said.
Be patient. The major genealogical websites are planning to put up searchable name indexes on their sites but that will take some time. One such company, MyHeritage.com, hopes to have the entire 1940 census completely searchable by name within a year, says Yuval Ben-Galim, company vice president.
1999- 22
The cache is usually something such as a Tupperware container or an old ammunition case with "treasure" inside. The treasure is usually a plastic or paper trinket, and the proper etiquette requires leaving something to replace anything you take (say a toy soldier).
I mean, there has been talk about this lockout lasting until after Christmas for several years, with every credible NBA writer shooting to come off looking like Nostradamus because the current situation was so predictable. Yet both sides sound as if they are shocked that no agreement has been reached.
Boston or butter lettuce
Santiago, 24, said it was hinted that he would be the closer but didn't say he heard it directly from anyone.
The Cardinals went 9-7 against the Pirates in 2011, including 6-3 at PNC.
Through interviews with Hernandez's relatives in Chicago, Tribune reporters recently determined that his family was from El Estudiante. Mexican government records led them to the address of Hernandez and his common-law wife.
The Government Commission on Monitoring Foreign Investment, chaired by Russian Prime Minister and President-elect Vladimir Putin, has sweeping authority over foreign investment in Russian companies.
* Does Snead work for head coach Jeff Fisher, or is Fisher working for Snead? When Snead made a reference to working "for" Fisher it set off some clucking among those who are hung up on titles. Here's your answer: Fisher and Snead work for team owner Stan Kroenke. Fisher didn't ask for total roster control as part of his contract with the Rams, but he does want to have a say, and he expects to have influence, and I don't think anyone at Rams Park will push the coach out of the way when it comes time to make big decisions. But Fisher is a football coach. He doesn't have time to scout and grind tape. Fisher wanted to bring in someone who could oversee the vitally important scouting work and then help the Rams make smart personnel decisions in the draft and free agency. And Fisher wanted someone he can trust. Snead is a workaholic that wears out DVD players with long hours spent studying video of players. And in Atlanta he had an eye for talent.
He called on Congress to enact his ambitious agenda, including health care legislation, a new energy policy and steps to impose new regulations on the financial industry to prevent a recurrence of the collapse that recently brought the economy to its knees.
No parking will be permitted on the following streets from: 6am to midnight on Saturday, March 3rd, 2012:
Raymond Schell, parks supervisor for the White Tanks, said the facility is a welcome change from the mobile home rangers had operated out of for years.
who will be succeed by Bank of Italy head Draghi at the end of the month, leaves office with his typical stance -- as a strict inflation fighter. Under his tenure the ECB resisted widespread calls to lower rates in 2004 and to not increase them in 2005, calls it ignored.
Senate Democratic caucus spokesman Mike Rowe would say only that an alternative plan was being considered.
Sullivan said the rules "cannot address every situation that our employees will face as we execute our dual-missions throughout the world." He added: "The absence of a specific, published standard of conduct covering an act or behavior does not mean that the act is condoned, is permissible or will not call for — and result in — corrective or disciplinary action."
ORIGINAL BROADWAY CAST
"We think there's a kind of dichotomy between Gov. Malloy and Gov. Christie," Barnes said.
A great voice, a great piano and great song <U+0097> this is what the Folly was built for best more than100 years ago. It never sounds better.
Mr. Heywood's death is one of the events in the drama surrounding the fall of the Communist Party chief in Chongqing, Bo Xilai, whose dismissal this month has thrown Chinese politics into turmoil.
A CHANGE IS COMING
Still, the landscape looks much better than it did in July 2008, when Doll, then chairman of the National Venture Capital Association, warned of a "crisis in capital markets" amid a drought of new Wall Street offerings of venture-backed companies. Conditions grew much worse after Lehman Brothers went bankrupt and turmoil paralyzed the financial industry and triggered the subsequent government bailout.
Suzy Kline
The trip was, despite everything, surprisingly peaceful, even dreamy. It was organized by Borobudur Tour & Travel, which offered a three-day itinerary in central Java, including a van, a driver and hotels, for $375, no deposit required.
For more information about Bullseye Activewear Inc., visit the website or call (330) 220-1720.
“So the actual municipal budget savings would be less. Nevertheless, the savings are significant,” Smith said.
Larry M. Dillaha paid cash for a 5,501-square-foot home with pool built in 2003 on the southwest side of Camelback Golf Club in Paradise Valley. Dr. Larry Dillaha, M.D., is chief medical officer for Insys Therapeutics Inc., a biopharmaceutical company in Phoenix focused on discovering, developing and commercializing products to address chemotherapy-induced nausea and pain management. The home was sold by Craig and Melissa Smith, as trustees of the Craig Smith Family 2002 Trust. Craig Smith is the founder and chairman of Swiss America Trading Corp., an investment firm specializing in U.S. gold and silver coins in Phoenix.
Most of the candidates for Cuyahoga County Council made frequent use of the word "transparency" during their campaigns. But it seems that some of those elected on Nov. 2 don't know what the word means.
Suleman's bankruptcy filing on Monday put a temporary halt to a foreclosure auction of her four-bedroom, three-bathroom home.
Kari Matsko, head of the Northeast Ohio Gas Accountability Project (NEOGAP), a citizen group that has fought for tougher regulations for residential drilling, said calls about more conventional drilling have tapered off as concerns have increased about the shale drilling in eastern Ohio.
Later that day, I spotted Kirk in his yard.
Can't find a pizza place you want to vote for? Check both polls. Still looking? We've got an index post listing every nominated restaurant alphabetically that will direct you to the correct poll. (Remember that we're using the full names of the restaurants.)
Klackner further realized that his own circle of professional contacts was limited mostly to former colleagues at Brunswick.
The council has a curious sense of priorities. With a persistent structural budget deficit and a looming shortfall in July of at least $150 million, and with basic services such as graffiti abatement and one-call access to City Hall through the 311 telephone system slashed, the city needs the cash that absconders and rip-off artists refuse to pay. But even more basic than the money is the all-too-accurate perception that Los Angeles is an easy mark. The failure to collect money owed merely encourages other deadbeats to rob the city and then, in an act of supposed generosity, agree to some kind of deal in which outstanding debt is written down or written off.
In charges that recalled dark incidents from earlier protests, rights activist Aida Seif al-Dawla said that female prison guards sexually assaulted some women by inspecting their vaginas under the pretext of searching for drugs.
Creve Coeur: Jennifer Maureen McLeod.
“I wasn’t a fan of a prep school and being away from home. But on my visit I fell in love with the campus, the people, the coach. But I’m gonna tell you: The first night was extremely tough. I was away from home the first time; I ended up crying. I had to stay in a dorm, I didn’t know anybody.
<U+FFFD><U+FFFD>Favored: 76 percent.
Until then, the two anteaters - a male and female - will stay in a behind-the-scenes enclosure. The zoo hopes to breed them in the future, and acting director Kent Yamaguchi said they do seem to get along.
"It isn't about whether we're following the law," Ms. Wahby told us. "It's about doing the right thing."
The Marines put their scout snipers through an intense 11-week course where attrition is high and students learn marksmanship, ballistics and observation skills. Students are screened carefully for intelligence and psychological stability even before arriving at Quantico.
She was sentenced in November 2010 to three days in jail. She has served 45.5 hours, however the remaining 26.5 hours of her sentence are on hold pending an appeal to the state Supreme Court, said her defense attorney, Jerome Lee.
Meeting the financial challenge
But maintaining an apparent strategy to hit mute on the hot-button issue, Mizzou officials either didn't respond to or declined interview requests on Friday.
Kahne, who also started first at Las Vegas, toured the 0.526-mile oval at 97.126 mph, depriving Kevin Harvick of a sweep of weekend qualifying at the track. Harvick, who won the pole for Saturday's truck series race earlier, had a run at 97.048.
The incident produced plenty of funny one-liners (TNT's Marv Albert on play-by-play: "She is literally out there") but it sounds more sad than anything. Here's how it went down:
<U+0093>We saw a slight increase in sales of trucks and SUVs, which factored into the decrease in the actual fuel economy of cars sold,<U+0094> Jesse Toprak, vice president of market intelligence at TrueCar.com, said in a statement.
Brendan Cummings, an attorney for the Center for Biological Diversity, said the EPA's decision was not surprising since the Obama administration had indicated it was going to issue the permits "regardless of what the analysis revealed."
Worried friends hoping to find leads reached out to a local psychic, who told them she had visions of Jarrett willingly climbing into a light-blue car with an unidentified man. "She did not have her purse on. No woman goes anywhere without her purse," the psychic said, predicting that Christine was still in the area, within a 50-mile radius.
The families of Brown and Conaway said the discovery of the bodies, near 6 Mile and Telegraph, is just the start of their quest for justice.
Visitation will be held from 2 to 5 p.m. Sunday at Washburn McReavy Funeral Chapel, 2300 W. Old Shakopee Rd., Bloomington. A celebration of Fong's life will take place at 10 a.m. Monday at Washburn McReavy.
Yemen is also home to radical U.S.-born Muslim cleric Anwar al-Awlaki, whom Washington has put on a kill-or-capture list and accused of inspiring attacks on the U.S., including the 2009 shooting at Fort Hood, Texas, that killed 13 people.
The plaintiffs include five Hispanics from Minneapolis and Crystal who said they lost cash and property in three separate seizures, and a white couple from St. Paul, from whom Strike Force officers allegedly took $7,500 in property and jewelry. The alleged seizures occurred in 2008 and 2009.
I know what he's done, what he hasn't done. I know the players he's propped up, the egos he's massaged, where he deserves credit he doesn't get.
Irons then called on Payne to get the job done.
x-Sunday, April 22: at Detroit, TBD
"Fringe": Since last season ended with Peter (Joshua Jackson) vanishing, where will Season 4 go? Tune in and find out. (9 p.m., KPTV)
I decided to sit down and map out all the contributing factors to our wealth of Italian vino. With apologies to the many boosters whose stories didn't fit in my limited space, here's a quick historical overview of just how the City of Roses came to be the City of Barolo.
One man, who’s been taking as many rat pictures for proof as possible, said his wife was too terrified to even open up her trash bin in fear of what would be inside.
Vanderbilt (22-9) vs. Mid. Tenn. (26-6), 2:10 p.m.
Well, Gop front-runner Mitt Romney is right about one thing, “Companies are people” too. How else to explain the $2 billion dollars in market value that was wiped off of Goldman Sachs stock on Wednesday after Greg Smith, a mid-level derivatives salesman published a 1200 word kiss-off to his so-to-be former employer in the New York Times.
She said she didn't know what caused the explosion, and that the victims had only lived at the home less than six months.
Pat is the winningest, and probably best, ever to coach college basketball — women's basketball and men's basketball.
"Our goal from Day 1 of practice was top 10 at state," he said.
She's heading next to "Lavonia, Ga.," where her brother Bill lives, before swinging back to "Allen, Texas," where she has a sister-in-law.
UAW President Bob King told union members at the UAW national convention that Toyota transferred Corolla assembly from the union-covered Nummi plant to Mississippi "just to get lower wages and benefits."
41 Meadowbrook Country Club Estates, $450,000
It's a philosophy akin to a rising tide raising all ships. Without such an arrangement, there is an incentive for municipalities to compete against each other in trying to attract retail centers, offering various incentives that merely move the water around and do nothing to lift the region as a whole.
"Not only are women as educated as men, but those undergraduate and graduate degrees, along with work experiences and managerial positions, are giving them tools for entrepreneurship," she said. "They are learning more about the principles of business, and that is really speeding up the increase in the rate of entrepreneurship."
Growing marijuana in the U.S. saves traffickers the risk and expense of smuggling their product across the border and allows gangs to produce their crops closer to local markets.
The younger Kendricks will be ecstatic for his family, but that other small piece of him will be looking toward his future
But her credit-card bills were another matter, with her balance eventually topping $20,000 a couple of years after graduation.
Capitals forward Alex Ovechkin scored 88 seconds into the game on a one-timer from the slot that beat Rangers goaltender Henrik Lundqvist. The team that has scored first in each game of this series has gone on to win the game, and that trend held true Wednesday night.
The Menendez recall effort is the brainchild of RoseAnn Salanitri, who leads the Sussex County Tea Party.
Thousands of Ohio shoppers flooded stores this weekend in a frenzied rush to buy energy-efficient appliances and take advantage of $100 to $250 rebates.
Matt Holliday -- 427 feet
Major Hollywood studios strongly oppose the idea. They say rival studios could sabotage films by betting against them.
Johnston said the reason is simple: "He's never been wrong." Phil is "incapable of error," he said, because the groundhog smartly avoids being site-specific in his prognostications.
As in Puccini's tale, the pair are separated, Kim staying in Vietnam, waiting for Chris to return. Chris has gone home to the states and is married, but he can't forget Kim. He later learns she has given birth to their son, a point that becomes a crucial plot element.
Gingrich has long been known for over-the-top rhetoric, and Santorum's rapid rise in the polls has drawn much of the campaign's focus away from the former House speaker.
House Democratic Leader Dave Hunt of Gladstone and Rep. Peter Buckley of Ashland, the House Democratic budget chief, said they were worried that Republicans were backing off their public pledge of last week to allow each education bill to be considered on its own merits.
Kansas City received a second chance on a corner kick after the first one went off a Whitecaps defender and out of bounds. Roger Espinoza managed a shot off the second corner and the ball hit Vancouver's Gershon Koffie and came to an unmarked Collin by the side of the net. With goalkeeper Joe Cannon caught out of position attempting to play Espinoza's shot, Collin easily tapped it in.
"In this ballpark? Oppo?" Mattingly said. "Mmmm."
Young and Farris, who aren't in business together, both say sex offenders have nowhere to live and often stay in tents or makeshift huts in wooded areas.
“Right now I just need to work hard,” he said. “What you get out is what you put in.”
The most important design component is concrete walls 18 feet thick that can withstand a Category 5 hurricane. Geodesic glass does not shatter when it has been bombarded with debris at 180 miles per hour in stress tests, Hine said.
In contrast, only 45% of consumers 45 to 64 said they were likely to share health information on social media.
Boxty comes in several varieties at the Harp. One member of our group opted for salmon, the best of the entrees at our table: moist salmon mingled with shoestrings of sweet squash and carrot, cooked through but still clinging to a bit of fresh crunch. A lovely tomato-cream sauce was zesty enough to hold its own against the massive serving of spuds.
The 1924 building has all the trappings of a high school, including large common areas and a 600-seat auditorium. That doesn't make for efficient housing. DeMuro also said only about 60,000 of the school's 112,000 square feet could be used as living space.
The new laws ban future part-time workers from the pension system, instead requiring part-timers who make more than $5,000 to join a 401(k)-style plan. It also makes pensions for future hires less generous, rolling back a 9 percent increase granted in 2001, requires pension payments to be based on one job, and limits payments of accrued sick leave for future workers to $15,000. The bills do not affect those already retired.
But Gingrich, the former House speaker, said Santorum could face a far different race if he loses to Romney in Michigan.
"She had talked with the prom sponsor and they told her it would be inappropriate," Pruett said. "I feel like Hughes followed legal precedents set by other court cases. Students have legal rights, and we don’t infringe upon those. But we have to follow legal precedents, and if there is a reason to believe something could happen, we don’t wait until after the fact to do something.”
Dear Tommy: That woman over there, the one wearing reading glasses on top of her sunglasses and looking ridiculous? That was me. So, I completely understand your problem. There are three relatively inexpensive ways to resolve your problem. Online you'll find reading sunglasses either bifocal (with the bottom half magnified) or full lens magnification. Some drugstores stock these. Online and at craft stores, you can buy flip-up-and-down magnifiers that clip on to regular glasses or sunglasses. They look a little silly but they do the job. Finally, there's stick-on magnifiers that adhere to your own sunglasses. I've tried all of these options (amazon.com is a good place to start) and they do work. Costs range up to about $30, which is, as you know, lots cheaper than investing in prescription glasses which, inevitably, you'll lose. Or is that just me?
Gonzalez-Stawinski flew out to Los Angeles last week to do a walk-on in an episode, where he will interact with his alter ego, Yablonski.
Increasingly, however, Delhi must also contend withChina'snavy, poised to start challenging its neighbor's primacy in the Indian Ocean. Beijing's first aircraft carrier started sea trials in August, and three more carriers are expected in quick succession. And despite its traditional focus on the Taiwan Strait and South China Sea, China is financing port construction in Sri Lanka, Myanmar, Pakistan and Bangladesh and flexing its muscle with antipiracy missions off Somalia.
“All good stuff,” UO coach Vin Lananna said.
Brooklyn Mayor Richard Balbier said he had not heard about American Greetings' problems with mold and does not know whether it played any role in the company's decision to explore moving elsewhere.
Concerns about Europe are hanging over U.S. markets. A default by any country would hurt the European banks that hold European government bonds, plus American banks that have loans to their European counterparts.
Can you imagine? Making off with hand-me-down clothes and old household appliances set out to do some good.
"He was extremely upset," Banas said of the man, 53, a truck driver from St. Louis County who said he carries the gun for protection. He told police he carried it with him that night because he was bringing money to the event, a fundraiser for a cancer patient.
Council members Brad Myhre, William Sullivan, Robb Arent, Catherine Leach and Seth Grossman all voted to approve the ordinance.
Here is the meet story I wrote on the Husky Classic, which focused on OTC/Portland stars Chris Solinsky and Tim Nelson. Both had strong performances, Solinsky winning the mile in what is a 2011 world best, and Nelson gutting out a victory over an all-star field in the 3,000.
-<U+FFFD>Will those jobs be of the same quality, or better, than the jobs that were lost?
She also has a heart defect known as cardiac tetralogy. Both problems will require major surgeries.
"It's encouraging because I think a lot of people respect Jesus and believe in him, and this gives them an opportunity to come out and express that," said the Rev. Anthony Garibaldi, who presided over the service.
"I never in my life thought I would agree with Bob Filner, but I do, he's right," Voepel said.
Combine pine nuts, garlic and salt in a food processor and mince finely. Add the asparagus, lemon juice and olive oil and mince finely. Add Parmesan and run machine just to combine. Makes 6 servings.
Also volunteering was Cassie’s friend, Sara Felton of Medina, also 12. “I like helping and I like the activities here and the decorations,” she said. “It’s cool and very festive.”
And people go back to having to look up how to spell “Hazanavicius.”
Sunday, eight snowmobilers died in back-to-back avalanches near Fernie. Three others in their group survived.
In reality, Bar Cara is really just Fascino lite — sans tablecloths, but with a liquor license. (It’s so much easier to get a liquor license in Bloomfield than in Montclair, which explains why so many chefs have come to town.)
It's been quite a path to reach this point for Pistorius.
ø"I thought it was a perfect game for us. I liked the way it unfolded," said Ferris State's Bob Daniels, the national coach of the year. "Coming out of the first period when it was 2-1, I felt pretty good. I felt as though, okay, we can play with these guys.
“Airline passengers have a right to be treated fairly,” Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said in a statement. The rule affects foreign carriers including British Airways Plc and Air France-KLM Group and domestic airlines such as Delta Air Lines Inc. and United Continental Holdings Inc.
Coloradans, who voted against "domestic partnerships" for same-sex couples in 2006, now overwhelmingly favor a bill in the legislature that would establish civil unions.
øQ: What will it take to get businesses to create jobs in the U.S.?
"Humane? The fate of any animal we eat is death," I said as I tried to defend that dying prawn pillar, then gave up and sent it back to the kitchen for a quick fry.
The two newcomers have been a breath of fresh air for players who have grown weary of Hillis' erratic behavior. The captains group -- of which Hillis is a part -- talked to Hillis on Wednesday to try to get him to re-focus on football. In addition to confronting him about things like getting married on a Tuesday instead of getting treatment and launching football from midfield to the crossbar despite being inactive with a hamstring injury, they wanted to extend a lifeline to a "player who was drowning," as one described it.
August Busch IV is leaving the board of Anheuser-Busch InBev in April "for personal and health reasons," a company spokesman said Monday.
Question: You have said that you always try to add something to your game in the off-season. What can we expect that's new this season?
An intruder has been stabbed to death by a Long Beach woman who found the man inside her apartment.
The suspect is described as being 30 to 35 years old, of thin build and standing 5-foot-8 to 5-foot-10, police said. He was unshaven and wearing blue jeans, a black knitted hat and a white V-neck T-shirt under a black coat/jacket, police said.
Edward S. Gilmore,
“He kind of stumped a number of people with his arrogance,” said David Egan, who, with his wife Mindy co-founded the Initiative to Protect Jekyll Island State Park.
WP — Schengrund (4-0). LP — A. Kitrinos (0-3).
Sanchez proved to be a somewhat unlikely hero, too. The former Pirate's grit and nerve were questioned at times after joining the Giants in a trade 15 months ago. He had a skittish moment after he hit a broken-bat double in the first inning, slipping on the basepaths and getting thrown out after Texas second baseman Ian Kinsler streaked to catch Buster Posey's pop fly in right field.
"When you talk about how marvelous your party's economic plan is, when you break down the numbers, what you're really saying is you want to pass massive new tax cuts for millionaires and billionaires paid for them by gutting programs that, among other things, support low-income women and children and pregnant mothers and student aid for disproportion -- that disproportionately helps young women," he said.
The Cardinals' future general manager and their future manager struck a connection during early-morning workouts in Jupiter. Mozeliak, a rising member of the front office, and Matheny would talk about their reading lists, their views of players, philosophy of game strategy. Matheny returned to the Cardinals after concussions forced an early retirement from the San Francisco Giants. As a guest instructor and adviser at spring training, Matheny found Mozeliak, now GM, still in the workout room early.
Roman said a deal of this size and complexity needs to be handled by the governor's office, and he intends to stand clear.
Royals lefty Everett Teaford, in a spot start replacing Danny Duffy, struggled from one jam to another in his four innings before Tommy Hottovy protected a 5-4 lead in the fifth but yielded the tying run in the sixth.
The AF Waltrip entry will drive a Ferrari 458 Italia competing in the LMGTE Am class in both events. The AF Waltrip entry is a joint effort by the Italian AF Corse team and Michael Waltrip Racing. Michael Waltrip will not be in the lineup because of conflicts with NASCAR TV duties, opening a slot for Vickers.
This year's luncheon will be May 10.
XXXVIII (2004): New England 32, Carolina 29
He switched early on between tracks from his new (and, incidentally, fourth) album "Back and Fourth" and established hits off his debut album. On the new song "Shotgun," the chorus came as a flurry of drumbeats rained through the room while the very enthusiastic tambourinist tossed his instrument in the air.
Preparation: Cut off the fronds and stems of the fennel. Trim a thin slice from the bottom, leaving the rest of the core intact. Remove any bruised or brown outer layers. Cut fennel lengthwise into 1/4- to 1/2-inch slices through the core, so that they resemble blossoms or fans.
“From exploring car-free to eating locally sourced foods, sustainable-minded travelers can experience something close to ‘Ecotopia’ in Santa Barbara,” said Gena Downey, director of communications with the Santa Barbara Conference & Visitors Bureau and Film Commission.
Renowned for its wide selection of produce and lively street scene, the Hollywood farmers market is the largest in Los Angeles, with about 150 vendors. As its neighborhood gentrified over the past two decades, the Hollywood market's financial success enabled SEE-LA to subsidize new venues in underserved areas such as Watts and Central Avenue.
"That one pitch might have changed the inning," Santiago said. "But it's part of the game. It happens."
Original Po Boys offers many versions <U+0096> shrimp, oyster, sausage, roast beef, ham and cheese and the like, in 4- 8-, 12- and 16-inch lengths.
Identifying the most important people in someone's life is a tricky task for researchers, said Ruth Mace, an evolutionary anthropologist at University College London who was not involved in the study.
Soon, photos of Ciftci and the two friends began finding their way to prominent positions on the website of the Navy Veterans Association. The captions did not identify them by name. Instead, here was "an Association member'' presenting a van to a U.S. Army sergeant wounded in Afghanistan, there were "Association representatives" meeting with the prime minister of Haiti. Navy Veterans "members" were shown meeting with a congressman, with foreign dignitaries and with a candidate for Florida attorney general.
Almost two decades after he resigned the bishop's post <U+0096> and five years after he returned to Sacramento from volunteering as a priest on a reservation in Arizona <U+0096> he remains beloved in the diocese.
Germany's most populous state holds an election Sunday, with polls showing good chances of victory for a center-left regional government that Chancellor Angela Merkel has sought to label as irresponsibly spendthrift.
"We're seeing more and more dollars going into things the private sector should be doing," the Upper Shore Republican said.
Everyone's in a good mood before the American Cancer Society ball. The ladies go shopping and get Sally a dress because she wants to go to the ball with her "papa." "Papa" said the French way.
Chavez spends a substantial portion of each day walking around campus, chatting with some of the school's 813 students.
HARTFORD, Conn. -- Attorneys for 11 men arrested in Connecticut immigration raids more than four years ago say the U.S. government has agreed to pay $350,000 to settle a civil rights lawsuit.
In other Monday action:
Position: Linebacker
"To me, that was it," Kohlenberger says. "I was out of time, but my eternity was in place."
Fred Baron, who was Edwards' national finance chairman and a wealthy Dallas-based trial attorney, said in 2008 he quietly sent money to Hunter and to resettle Young's family. Baron died later that year.
In March 2010, Gordon underwent an islet cell transplant at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania. The insulin-producing cells from a pancreas donor were surgically implanted in his liver.
"For football players, the violence of the game forces you to put your emotions on hold, and it's almost like being at war. You're in combat, you're trained to be violent and play hard, and when it comes to everyday life, you can't live that way."
The Orioles, in their first year with Dan Duquette as general manager, are doing it with the best pitching staff in the American League, as well as balanced offensive contributions.
One look, maybe two, was all it took.
"He spins this swirling, phantasmic tale, and you - and I - bought it," said Shannan Ryan, who paid Ellis $40,000 in mid-2005 for a medical spa franchise in Jacksonville, Fla. "I bought it hook, line and sinker."
Billikens coach Rick Majerus was disappointed in his team's effort in the first half, saying, "If they got half a sandwich or half a scholarship they'd be upset (too)."
In order to make leftovers the star, it helps to have accompanists standing by. I keep some key ingredients in the kitchen that add flair to a dish, or help quickly forge a new one. Stock, for instance, can help bring moisture and flavor to already-cooked foods as you reheat them, even if they didn't contain stock in the first place, like leftover grains. Save rinds from hard cheeses, such as Parmesan, pecorinos or Gruyère, to throw into soups and stews <U+0096> they add a silky, savory richness.
Turner also told Sgt. King "that he wanted the police to kill him and this is why he shot at officers when they responded to his residence,'' the affidavit says.
That letter was a precious guide last fall when, at 87, Graeme developed pneumonia.
Whitman - aiming to attract at least one-third of California's 15 million Latino voters - has opened a campaign office in East Los Angeles and run a barrage of Spanish-language television and radio ads as part of her aggressive outreach.
"For the offensive line, instead of a man scheme, they might be working more, so it's a transition for them, too. We did a little more with seven-on-seven than we've done in years past and our practices were structured to work on the passing game a little more."
Four candidates have filed for the District 5 position now held by Rex Burkholder. He is prevented by term limits from running again.
The westbound Loop 101 was closed down from 59th to 67th avenues early Wednesday morning but reopened at about 8 a.m.
Chef Oringer's seven restaurants throughout Boston run from fine French dining (Clio) to casual Mexican fare (La Verdad), from South End (Coppa) to Back Bay (Uni). So it's no wonder the young chef is among the most popular in New England (he also has a "farm to fork" style resto called Earth in Kennebunkport,Maine) among locals and tourists alike.
Chesapeake has denied the well-investment program created any conflict of interest. It said McClendon negotiated the loans separately and did not participate in negotiations on the asset sale.
"I welcome that," Collins said in a telephone interview. "I support it, and I expected it."
She told the jury that Crutchfield would put Ryon into a closet at their home because they didn't get along and he complained he could not get any peace. She insisted that she never put her son in the closet.
But parents think the extra money is well worth it. Parent Rebecca Campbell said the current schedule has been a detriment to her child, and like many others, advocated for the blended block schedule.
"So far (Thompson) has done the right things. He is bringing in some of his own people, he's taking costs out of the system. His first quarter out of the gate, he controls what he can control, which is earnings," BGC Partners analyst Colin Gillis told Reuters, while also pointing out that "income from operations was about $169 million and their earning and equity interest was about $172 million, (meaning) their minority stake in their investments is generating more profit than their core business."
Chandler has 18 firefighters who are fire-safety and prevention instructors, and the Fire Department is hoping to add more instructors, said Fire Batallion Captain Brad Miller.
4 T-Mobile
"If you bought in the last few years, you're not going to have a lot equity, and you're going to be stuck for a while," said Andy Thielen, a Realtor with Lyon Real Estate's downtown office.
The turkey, though, seemed a bit salty, and you’ll find better pastrami at your favorite Jewish deli — or local supermarket.
"Undefeated," Daniel Lindsay and TJ Martin
The bill was weaker in its final version than House lawmakers had hoped for, said Rep. Jeff Roorda, D-Barnhart.
"Cody has been an everyday player for us since he stepped on campus," UCLA coach John Savage said by telephone. "He's meant a lot to our program. We knew he was going to be a good player, and he's going to be a good pro player, too."
U.S. District Judge Sara Lioi ordered both men to be taken into custody and their bonds revoked. As marshals led Dimora, 56, out of the courtroom in chains, he turned and blew a kiss to his wife, Lori, and mouthed "I love you." She began to cry, and her son, Anthony, comforted her.
Gibbs, who was raised in Bay Village and graduated from Bay Village High School, already represented some of his new congressional turf -- Ashland and Medina counties -- when he served in Ohio's legislature.
Still, Halfacre said tea party activists can have a real impact, by running for positions within local Republican parties, giving them an actual say in whom their organizations support.
I remember giving Jim a warning on that first fateful night: "OK, here we are, but I am not running." Then the teacher introduced himself. "I'm Skyline's track coach," he said. "We'll start every class with some stretching and then a 30-minute run."
Birds gone: The swarms of gulls that descended this winter on the Corona del Mar High School campus have apparently moved on, a school administrator said. Officials say the district added “spike strips” in the pool area and around buildings, but they think the birds just left. The birds created a mess, leaving the campus covered with droppings and feathers. Some students and parents have said the birds appeared after a senior prank involving fish left on a roof on campus.
Swedish Hill Winery, Finger Lakes, 2010, 91 pts.
“It’s nice,” Shakespeare said of his familiar role. “I played a little offensive middie in my sophomore year, and then kind of made the transition. The team needed me as a short-stick defensive middie last year, and I just do what the team needs. This fall, I worked real hard in the offseason to hone the offensive skills, and it’s good to get out there and get a few goals. It felt good.”
Today, new mothers sign up at Amazon Mom for regular diaper deliveries. This is a 21st-century permutation of an innovation in long-distance commerce that began in 19th-century Chicago.
An estimated 39 percent of the children living in the district who attend a school in grades 1–12 are enrolled in private schools.
<U+0095> Kings do not want to be responsible for game-day arena expenses.
Sadly, it turns out, some of our greatest athletes are a bunch of nitwits and tweet twits.
"As long as electricity is flowing to these collars, everything is fine. When the light is yellow, your zombie's mellow. When the light is red, you're dead," Braillard says.
"It is not so much about my personal preference," said Lozano, "It is the Hennessy taste that we are searching for."
The U of I<U+0092>s two testing classrooms are already nearing capacity. Distance education officials said they would like to see an entire floor of a building dedicated to exam rooms. At Iowa State University, a second testing center will soon open. Last semester, the university administered 50,000 tests for online courses.
Analysts said investors were continuing to react to last Thursday's disappointing second- quarter forecast, despite stronger-than-expected first-quarter results that were released the same day.
The coalition was able to track the incidents by combing through the records of the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration, which requires hospitals and other facilities to file a report within 24 hours if a controlled substance is lost or stolen.
But Gordon won't back away from his basic assumptions.
Early plans call for a 2-acre station. A picnic pavilion and green space would remain. A parking lot would take up most of the rest.
Szalay skipped last year partly because of heightened safety concerns in Mexico, he said.
It’s not just for seniors.
And the pace of decline in the S&P/Case-Shiller index slowed. Some economists said that suggests prices are stabilizing. The index fell 3.5 percent over the 12 months that ended in February. That's the smallest annual drop in a year.
Rose hit just 1 of 7 shots in the first quarter but went on a tear late in the second as the Bulls took a 53-42 lead to the locker room. He then scored eight in the third and hit two 3-pointers to help Chicago stay in control, even though things did get a little heated.
Beyond the various and sundry sex scenes, the one scene you'll remember most belongs to Mulligan, when Sissy sings a molasses-slow version of "New York, New York" in a small club. McQueen, a former artist, keeps the camera on her face in close-up as she sings, the lyrics serving as some sort of catharsis for her. You will likely find it magnetic or annoying; I found it a little of both.
Volt prices start at $40,280, but a smart customer would ignore that figure and concentrate on the three-year monthly lease payment of $350. That's comparable to what you might pay for a conventional car. The Volt I tested had a few options and would lease for $389 a month. Both leases assume $2,500 down and include the $7,500 federal tax credit for electric vehicles.
But they’re still alive, this team with the massive possibilities. They could have expired last night, just as their prior editions did the previous five times they faced elimination.
For eating, forget flimsy paper plates and simply bring out the everyday Great White Coupe Dinnerware from your kitchen cupboards. These generously sized pieces are made of high–quality porcelain and give even casual parties a sense of elegance. Don’t forget to add color to the whites and woods of the table with our Flag Linens of pure cotton in sun–washed hues and Star Table Linens in red and blue.
At song's end, in a heavily mastered move, she stood coyly center stage, looked slowly left to right, and without words asked for and received undying applause.
"If all I'm remembered for is being a good basketball player, then I've done a bad job with the rest of my life. The Marathon Continues."
Tue: 6:30 p.m. Dr. Kirk Johnson will discuss, present a slideshow and sign "The Discovery of Snowmastodon, an Ice Age World in the Colorado Rockies." The program is free.
Portland-area shelters are frequently flooded with felines; Covey says her organization can get 20 calls just like Case’s each day.
Another senator compared the Statehouse slashing to a horror movie.
Harnew-Swanson would like to introduce young people, seniors and anyone else who’s interested about the breed, which developed naturally in Oregon and is now sought after in other parts of the world.
In Orange County, the vault within the vault for Republicans, Romney raised $706,000 in his first three months as an announced candidate in 2007. In his first three months as a candidate this time around, Orange County accounted for less than half of that, $316,000, his FEC filing shows.
The corruption that surfaced in the Bo case is hardly unique to Chongqing. Kenneth Lieberthal, a China expert at the Brookings Institution, says that similar patronage networks operate across the country. Top party officials use their relatives to collect bribes, through payments to law firms or private equity firms, much as Bo did with his wife. Even the most respected officials, such as President Hu Jintao and Premier Wen Jiabao, are said to have close relatives whose behavior is questionable.
The mayor says he still wants to use the city's purchasing power to leverage economic growth, and that's sensible.
It is during puberty that transgender children can feel the most disconnect between the gender their brains say they are and the gender of their bodies. Tammy remembered, for instance, that when her three oldest learned that they would start their periods during puberty, they were full of questions and a little grossed-out.
-- Newt Gingrich had locked up the Forgotten But Not Gone Award long before he talked about getting out of the race, right?
The bleak settings of dystopian books strike a chord in teens because their own emotions are so raw, Craft said. "The stories speak to a better part of ourselves, suggesting that with courage and bravery, you can be who you want to be."
Mass-market carmakers such as Opel face a tough market in Europe amid intense competition, weak prices and economic troubles.
We got one minor -- OK, major -- fact wrong: The city where the mayor's court resides is Newburgh Heights, not Cuyahoga Heights.
According to police, a preliminary investigation revealed that Patrolman Dwayne Borders, 45, was approached by three people in the area of West 52nd Street and Detroit Avenue. One pulled a handgun.
"As we said in our brief, Twitter's Terms of Service make absolutely clear that its users own their content," Twitter's legal counsel, Ben Lee, said in a statement. "Our filing with the court reaffirms our steadfast commitment to defending those rights for our users."
The star elf named Dwight, whose talent was quite huge,
After he became president, the idea of uniting Arizona and New Mexico into one state fell by the wayside and Arizona was granted its own identity.
The nurse practitioner would conduct a comprehensive in-home analysis of an individual's medications, living arrangements and accessibility challenges, work with the family to create a personalized care management plan and offer suggestions for equipment or services that would help the senior bathe, climb stairs, clean their house or prepare meals.
ELYRIA, Ohio -- President Obama invoked his working-class roots and the career success he enjoyed later as he pitched his vision of economic fairness in the key electoral battleground of state of Ohio.
"We got underneath the years of telling the stories," Fox says. "They were always the best stories, and always good, but he had flattened some of them by repetition over the years.
3. Purée avocados, yogurt, lemon juice and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a food processor until smooth. Season with pepper.
Among those who wrote on Neiheiser's behalf are former Cavs coach Mike Fratello, high-profile attorney John Climaco, and Brother Robert Lavelle, the headmaster at Gilmour Academy, according to a memo filed Tuesday by his lawyers. Most of the letters testify to his kindness and charity, with some describing him as being "generous to a fault."
BP said that potential future performance payments, based on exploration success that results in development of commercial discoveries, are worth $1.8 billion while overall investment could eventually rise to $20 billion.
Spock lied.
<U+0093>Until a plea agreement is finalized, it would be inappropriate for me to discuss the various terms that we are negotiating over, but that possibility is always there in any plea that somebody makes,<U+0094> Weiss said.
Every other disgraced official and contractor to testify has been forced to walk through a phalanx of reporters along a stretch of Main Street in Akron. Then those witnesses have had their photographs published in The Plain Dealer or footage of their walk into the courthouse broadcast on television news, where friends and relatives could see how far they have fallen.
When his father came home he stabbed him, too, and hid his body on the porch, they say.
The merger would create one of the region’s largest research institutions, with a combined enrollment of 20,000 to 25,000 by 2020, the report says, while funds for research would double to $50 million from about $26 million.
He arrived in San Bruno a little after midnight, then met with local officials, toured the site and by 4 a.m. was telling KCBS radio's Bob Butler that the neighborhood "looked like a war zone" - all in time for the morning drive-time audience.
“I’m not very precious about it,” she says. “It’s all acting — trying to find the truth of the character and tell a story. And I like different things. I mean, I really want to see the Dardenne brothers’ new film (‘The Kid With a Bike’). I’m a huge fan. ... And at the same time, I’m really looking forward to finally seeing ‘Mission Impossible 4’ — I long to see that, I hear it’s really fun. So I have a rather wide range of interests as a cinemagoer. And it isn’t any different as an actor.”
Job losses mount: The state bled jobs as the unemployment rate rose to 12 percent and pushed Oregon to the bottom of the nation.
Tom's parents met at Hobergs, a resort in Clear Lake. Elton and Mary were introduced by one of my Elton's best friends, Bill Sweeney who owned the Studebaker Dealership on Mission Street in Daly City. They married in 1938.
First, the couple wanted a two-story adobe to take advantage of the mountain views. Then they wanted a decidedly contemporary bent to the traditional Southwest design.
Merrifield's interest in Lawson was understandable, I suppose. Although Lawson had no criminal record beyond a DUI, he was in the vicinity with a .357 Marlin, a rifle he claimed vanished from his unlocked truck before he bumped into the Hildes at Briggs Camp. His pickup was spotted by a deputy patrolman by Stump Lake.
"The problem is not in schools," he said. "The problem comes down to the disintegration of the family unit."
Especially now that editorial cartoonists are going to be depicting an African-American president, said Kenny Irby, Poynter's visual journalism group leader and diversity program director, there's even more reason to hold them to the same standard as the rest of the content that a news organization produces.
The road to WHERE is paved with good intentions? Not what you're thinking. Not at all. Good intentions, it turns out, deliver you to the corner of happiness and good health, where there's a load of pleasure, pain relief and good taste. And the YOU Docs are going to help guide you there -- all it takes is optimism and positive thinking.
The campaign pits five-term Roselle Village President Gayle Smolinski against Park Ridge manufacturing executive Jim O'Donnell in a contest to pick an opponent to well-funded incumbent state Sen. Dan Kotowski (D-Park Ridge) this fall.
In January, Standard & Poor's downgraded its credit ratings on Sears Holding Corp. two notches, putting them deep into "junk" territory. The ratings agency said the decline in Sears Holding's operating performance accelerated last year and it expects the retailer's operations to remain under pressure this year.
The automatic spending cuts, known as a "sequester," would strike domestic benefit programs as well, including a 2 percentage point cut from Medicare payments to health care providers and a $16 billion cut to farm subsidies. The GOP measure would leave those cuts in place.
Crandall said it was important for parents to teach their children how to use privacy settings on websites, most of which require users to be a minimum 13 years old.
I can't go too much further into describing this reaction because her husband, Dennis Baker, former chef/owner of Cafe des Amis, makes the most scrumptious chocolate mousse (as in pudding, not rat relatives), and I don't want to be cut off.
Now, send the kids away. Because for some of us, this is the more interesting part of the story. Do you know of the Bloggess? I didn't before seeing Henriques link to a song called "Everyone Says ..."
Opponents of dispensaries have argued that they pot clubs serve many recreational users who purchase the drug with notes from doctors who specialize in marijuana consultations.
Jared Quayle, G, Utah State
DITA VON TEESE: A lot of people say they can't believe I started my career in Orange County, but I remind them that another stylish girl named Gwen Stefani came out of Orange County. A lot of cool things came out of the O.C. It makes sense that I came out this way.
Over the following two years, the killer may have struck again, investigators think - this time in three separate incidents in Texas where two shopkeepers were killed. One survived, a bullet lodged in her neck. In these cases, the gun did not match the one used in the previous series of murders, but investigators still noted the similarities of the crimes.
He also called the study's detected advantage for a team trailing in a playoff series "statistically insignificant."
Here's a look at five 3-year-olds to watch when the starting gate springs open for the most exciting two minutes in sports:
Champion was a drum major at FAMU. He died Nov. 19 after being beaten on a bus during a band trip to Orlando. His death has been determined a homicide. An attorney for Champion's family has said the victim might have been targeted for severe hazing because he opposed the culture of hazing.
The thing was, the guy, who served in the Marines and worked for years for the postal service, really could have been Santa. He had the twinkle in his eye, the stomach that shook like a bowl full of jelly, the white hair and thick white beard. And he had the disposition. Of course, I had to ask him: "So, are you Santa Claus?" He just smiled and said, "What do you think?"
Some conservative Christian groups objected. To enact the word of God in a commercial house rather than a sacred one was to profane it. More to the point, by not addressing the divinity of Jesus, the two shows used the Bible, sincerely in their way perhaps, but for their own ends. Their Christ was clearly not the one one learned about in Sunday School.
Asked about the machine at 125 Worth, City Hall spokeswoman Samantha Levine said, "We are looking into the issue."
Second place went to Taylor Harris, a post secondary student at the Career and Technical High School with her entry “Autumn Chocolate.”
He said the family enjoys sightseeing wherever they go, but that the big draw is the Marquette team. He has traveled with them all over the country, including San Diego, Indianapolis and New Orleans.
The macro-goal is that every team will have tailored corporate
The government has also pledged to make the proceedings more transparent, broadcasting hearings to several U.S. military bases in the Northeast so the families of Sept. 11 victims can monitor the trial without making the trek to Guantanamo.
The YPC curriculum includes auditioning skills, theater history, voice and speech, design, theater etiquette and even Pilates.
When bad times hit, bankers find themselves wallowing in losses as strapped families default. Banks cut credit lines and shut down subprime lending. Defaults and bankruptcies jump.
"We have similar styles, but apparently he had a better backhand than me. He claims he was a better player, but that's how it works."
Cancerous cells produce a boatload of EphA2, way more than normal cells do. While that would seem to restrict the cancer cells' movement, paradoxically, the opposite is true. EphA2 morphs into a bad cop that helps cancerous cells spread and form additional tumors. This two-faced conduct has been a major mystery to cancer researchers, who have wondered how the molecule can function as both a tumor promoter and suppressor.
There was, throughout 2007, something for everyone to find morally reprehensible, and many a soapbox snapped under the weight of the piling on.
Getzendanner and four other lawyers handle the tax law. Madigan's job is to bring in clients. It's been a formula for success.
comparing it to criticizing NBA great LeBron James for not playing college basketball.
Nelson is still a sophomore in a program that is no longer downtrodden, and his father is a free man. The dream is still taking shape.
øBut home runs at the major league level might not make the purpose pitches disappear. Gary Sheffield, a nine-time All-Star, said he - and others around the game - noticed when Harper flipped his helmet off his head on his first major league hit.
As with her masa, Waikiki cuts no corners on ingredients, from the refried Rancho Gordo heritage beans that garnish the plates to Blue Bottle coffee served piping hot.
Take "Simple Gifts," Jay McInerney's tale of Jeffrey and Lori on their Christmas Eve together. She's tired and wants to stay home and veg out; he's wired and feels like going out dancing. She wants to please him, so she takes some drugs to pep up; he wants to please her, so he takes a sleeping pill to wind down.
Best steak? I wouldn't touch that high-schoolish chant. But I did want to know if it was worth a 65-mile trip from Cleveland, or even a side trip after a day of careening around the rails at Cedar Point.
" . . . When he kept getting up every five minutes to use the bathroom. I don't know if he had a stomach problem or a coke habit. In either case, I wasn't interested."
John Cioffone, president of TransOptions, an alternative transportation alliance and sponsor of Bike to Work Day in North Jersey, said bike commuters save money, reduce pollution and improve their physical fitness.
<U+FFFD> Rep. Kavanagh, R-Fountain Hills
Robert Eisele is held in the Cumberland County Jail on $150,000 bail, charged with leaving the scene of an accident after causing a death.
If Sneiderman was guilty of anything, it would seem, it was ambition: An entrepreneur, he’d founded at least three start-ups since 2008, according to records from the Georgia secretary of state’s office.
Reductive is thriving, Kanies says, and Portland is proving to be a great place to raise his 17-month-old twins. But he shares others' concerns about whether the company will be able to find experienced leadership as it grows.
Deason, 38, resigned from the Canby police force July 17, two weeks after he abruptly ended an interview with FBI agents and was placed on paid leave. The FBI said he immediately tried to track down his alleged supplier and left threats on his ex-wife's voice mail using his police cell phone, thanking her for ruining his career and telling her to watch her back because "I'm coming for you."
Romney
The "exploding scoreboard" (his creation), its fireworks punctuating every Sox home run at home, is quiet for the night. The fans' sing-along of "Take Me Out to the Ball Game" (his idea) with Harry Caray off-key and organist Nancy Faust on key, has turned yet another typical day at the office into a party.
417 W. Saratoga St., $120,000
"This isn't daunting at all," he joked. "For a captain in the British army to be introduced by a world-renowned statesman is humbling and entirely terrifying."
Deadline extended for O'Fallon festival
Researchers are conducting a follow-up study with a larger group of women. If the findings are confirmed, the next steps would be to determine whether meditation, yoga, biofeedback or social support could help women having difficulty conceiving.
Now look at the former Compass Bank building at 302 N. First Ave. (originally the Citibank Building, from 1989). It is wearing tux and tie. Its windows are nearly perfect squares. The regularity of its windows and the freaky irregularity of the trapezoids are not merely choices that their architects made, but reflections of the prevailing philosophies of their times.
Fifty-seven companies have signed letters of intent to lease space in the medical mart. They are:
Since the start of the 2010 calendar year, 13 NFL players (including the three Lions) reportedly have been cited for or pleaded guilty to marijuana-related charges ranging from simple possession to federal trafficking, according to an incident tracker on profootballtalk.com.
Request: New 5.8 mill five-year operating levy
In October, Dover Motorsports Inc. closed its Memphis Motorsports Park after attempts to sell that facility fell through.
The U.S. health department issued guidelines last month that require universities offer student health plans with broader benefits under the federal health reform act, even though the U.S. Supreme Court could declare the act unconstitutional in June.
San Diego County has the largest concentration of Indian casinos in the nation.
øMayweather, the sport's top earner, will likely earn more than $25 million depending on the PPV numbers.
Now Knox's attorney, Bob Ottilie, wants to see Cowell disciplined by the CIF.
Me, I would have confessed and begged for forgiveness. Not Romney, though -- and herein is the reason he will be such a formidable general election candidate. He concedes nothing. He had seen none of the ads, he said. They were done by others, he added. Of course, they are his supporters, but he had no control over them. All this time he was saying this rubbish, he seemed calm, sincere -- matter of fact.
"My power numbers are not good,'' he said.
"I am in awe of her basketball talent, and impressed by her kind demeanor and genuine dedication to wanting to make a difference," Fanaro said in a statement.
Kasich's choices have environmentalists wary.
Budgets? At AutomationDirect, the term has little meaning. When a team agrees on a necessary expenditure, it proceeds without having to concern itself on staying within a limit, according to Hohmann.
Cleveland native A.J. Jamal, the self proclaimed "King of Clean," returns home to headline at the Improv. "I finally get to come back and it's not a death I'm coming back for," said Jamal. "I've got about a thousand people to call."
Mark yet another victory for prosecutors. Wiretaps helped decimate the Mob and brought down drug gangs. On Wall Street, the casualties are just beginning to pile up.
I understand the need to help homeless and mentally ill people in the community. Is it too much to ask, however, that these services operate in a licensed and responsible way -- especially when they are using my tax dollars?
Alarmed by the trend, lobbyists fought each effort. In San Jose earlier this year, payday representatives protested before a city committee considering a $50,000 grant from the Silicon Valley Community Foundation to study payday lending and spur some regulation.
Otherwise, she promises with a laugh, "We would never do anything to mess with Tarantino at all. We know better."
Last week, most of us were a little too aggressive on how badly the Ravens would beat the Cleveland Browns. Ultimately, the Ravens won, 20-14, to go 8-0 at home this season. We didn’t have anyone exceptionally close, but the free bar tab goes to Sizemo, who predicted a 25-10 Ravens’ win.
Hercules' police department was allocated $5.1 million, or more than 30 percent of the general fund budget adopted for the 2011-12 fiscal year, not counting transfers to cover redevelopment agency shortfalls. Those transfers pushed the city to the brink of bankruptcy, which officials dodged by depositing into a pooled cash fund some $4.1 million in tax increments that were supposed to go to a redevelopment bond trustee in December.
Diane Halle was not tied securely and quickly freed herself, then freed her husband and called police.
Iran's threat to block the Strait has given the West far clearer options. Played right, the current situation can be made into a game changer. By changing the calculus and dynamics of the negotiation, the current impasse can be broken. A diplomatic solution to the crisis might become far more attractive to Iran.
"Keep your mouth shut and play basketball," Robertson says. "If he wants to be traded, he's going to be traded. Go and talk to the owners and say, 'I want to be traded' and keep it a secret.' In a situation like this, he can't win. … Anytime they (Magic) stumble and fall and every time they get beat, they're going to blame Dwight Howard and it's totally unfair because it's not all his fault. I don't think management has done a great job in keeping certain players on the team. They had a nucleus of players that got them to the Finals and then, all of the sudden, it's gone downhill."
This last bit has The Atlantic asking, if it comes down to it, which two characters could or should be fired? Candidates so far include Betty Draper Francis, Lane Pryce, Roger Sterling (no way!), Harry Crane, and Ken Cosgrove.
Highland Park resident Peter Koukos, who put two kids through a District 113 high school, said there's no question the district's teachers are highly qualified and provide a great education.
Stewart was instrumental in working out an agreement between city leaders and the New York City-based Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Foundation, which oversees the inductions, to bring the annual induction ceremony (usually held at Manhattan's Waldorf-Astoria Hotel) to Cleveland every three years.
Recently, their guy had been dropping by Nashua North two, three times a week. With Reyes getting ready for the NFL combine, Robie had opened the weight room for him.
Sleater-Kinney, "Call the Doctor"
Meanwhile, Gov. Jerry Brown continues to press for eliminating the Unemployment Insurance Appeals Board in 2013 and turn over processing claims to administrative law judges who already handle many of the cases. Coupled with other changes at the board, Brown estimates future savings of about $1.2 million annually.
"We, the people, are growing and I'm optimistic," Paul told an audience in Davenport on the last full day of campaigning before Tuesday's caucuses, the first vote of the 2012 presidential campaign.
3. Laurens Ten Dam, Netherlands, :43 behind
Only six months before the Fukushima disaster, Merkel had decided to extend, not curtail, the life span of Germany's nuclear power plants, a move that aroused vigorous public opposition. After the Japanese earthquake and tsunami, she made a dramatic reversal, announcing that half of Germany's nuclear plants would be shut down immediately and the remainder within a decade.
The report also shows that some regions of the country are recovering faster than others.
property taxes on only a small percentage of appraised value, and tax rates vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Mr. Zimmerman estimates that the combined $433 million in lower appraisals will save Pinnacle and Harrah's a total of $16 million in taxes.
IF THE COUGAR FITS
All the boys needed, psychologists concluded, was help - the sort of help that could have come through CSAP.
On offer April 18 will be advertising posters from the first London Olympics in 1908 to the Tokyo Games in 1964, Olympic torches from 1936 to 1996, and medals and cups.
Besides the foods available at the cafe -- which you can order ahead if you are pressed for time -- there's also a small shop at Optimal Wellness that sells healthful nonperishables, such as red quinoa and black quinoa, which are higher in antioxidants than the white version of the grain; chia seeds, nuts, nut butters and dried fruit.
Deep into the 12th year of a historic rally, fans are wondering whether the metal is due for a pause. Gold is down 7% from its peak for the year in late February, settling Friday at $1,659.10 per troy ounce, and shouts for gold to reach $2,000 have quieted.
Here’s a look at what they have done in Round 1 in every draft since 2006.
“Both parties are now getting back on their feet and just beginning to look ahead to future campaigns,” he said.
The Illinois Department of Children and Family Services had prior contact with the family before the toddler's death, spokesman Kendall Marlowe said in 2010. DCFS initially took two other children into their custody.
In 2007, Brian stabbed another patient at a drug treatment home in Auburn. A Placer County judge concluded that he was not guilty by reason of insanity and sent him to Napa State Hospital in 2008.
Their host for the evening, the St. Louis Blues players, found themselves in awe of what the Cardinals were able to do as a team this summer.
2736 DALE $13,500
Centennial at David Douglas
Nominated earlier
When the student returned home, he was asked how he could afford a new iPhone and an iPad and he told his mother that he sold one of his kidneys, the report said.
More clips are presented later in the recording, allegedly showing teachers dismissing and mocking Akian as he cried, but it was unclear from the audio what was being said.
Revelle said they were given this directive in 2003 and since that time the utility company has spent upward of $50 million to fulfill the mandate of PJM.
Hey, Bud: Since there is now 'Snow Days' at Progressive Field to make full use of the field year-round and generate some income, what suggestion do you have to make use of Cleveland Browns Stadium in the same fashion? -- Doug, Westlake
Or walking the fields to a horizon that steadfastly conceals the world beyond.
He likely wasn't the only one surprised, even though 49ers general manager Trent Baalke placed Jenkins' name in a sealed envelope Thursday morning and predicted Jenkins would be their choice.
“Unlike the governor, they toured the facilities, visited the communities and listened to testimony from employees, advocates, local officials, individuals and families,” said Henry Bayer, the executive director of theAmerican Federation of State, County and Municipal EmployeesLocal 31. “In stark contrast to the Quinn administration, they considered all the evidence, reached the sensible conclusion and rejected each of the closures.”
Like everything at the center's two shows, it's all about repurposing unpoetic realities, in search of new dreams.
British
Waddell & Reed spokesman Roger Hoadley said he doesn't comment on client accounts. But the financial advisers I spoke with say that stock allocation is too risky for a woman her age relying on the account last through retirement.
To finish: Cut potatoes in half; set aside.
Kevin Huck, Fort Zumwalt South
For years, the Gateway Invitational at Washington University had the first weekend of the outdoor track season pretty much to itself. Edwardsville and St. Charles West have had relay events that drew a handful of teams from the East side and St. Charles County, but the meet at Washington U. had a lock on most of the St. Louis teams.
"Basketball makes the big bucks and helps support the rest of what we do in the NCAA," said Charles Brown, athletic director at the University of Maryland, Baltimore County. For that reason they are very careful about where they choose to host their playoffs, he said.
Based on the novel by Julia Leigh, "The Hunter" occasionally suffers from multiple-genre disorder. There's the mystery of the zoologist's disappearance. The looming confrontation with the surly, perhaps violent locals who have had it with the environmentalists threatening their livelihood. A possible romance between Martin and Lucy. Little Bike's attempts to communicate with Martin through his drawings. The shadowy Jack (Sam Neill), who claims to have the best interests of Lucy and the kids at heart but seems to have other interests as well. And let's not forget Martin's real purpose: that perhaps mythical, thought-to-be-extinct Tasmanian tiger.
It's that kind of work ethic that produced amazing results for Eisenreich. The Summit senior shot either 1-under par or 1-over par at the conference, district, sectional and state tournaments. And she won each of those events by at least 8 strokes.
The time: Sometimes photographers are storytellers, sometimes illustrators, and sometimes we just enjoy playing with the camera. There also are times when we can be all three.
More than 75 families have been evacuated. The American Red Cross has put up 11 families at the Resort at the Mountain in Welches. Heider said no injuries were reported and no one is missing.
Yes, all travelers understand that they face added scrutiny because of the need for vigilance after 9/11. One of the lessons of the terrorist attacks was that stove-piped intelligence kept agencies from sharing names widely enough to track potential terrorist threats effectively. That's led to watch lists.
"The Progressive Liberal Party has won the election," Ingraham told supporters at party headquarters. "I want to publicly congratulate (Christie's) party."
Even though manufacturing is a smaller part of the economy than ...
Roberts is to be arraigned Oct. 25, and faces up to 20 years in prison if convicted. He is being held in Union County jail from a February arrest on charges of firing shots outside a liquor store. His public defender, Joseph Krakora, declined comment.
Those interested in being a continuing part of this conversation are invited to a panel discussion that I will moderate on July 27th at the City Club of Cleveland. The discussion is titled Protecting our Community's Women: Lesson learned from Terror on Imperial Avenue.
“They’re a good team,’’ said Mannion, “but we felt like we had an opportunity to win. We just have to play better than that.’’
“I thought we had a shot,” Michigan defensive lineman Tim Jamison said.
The Spartans got a very nice game from Hill, too. He completed six of 11 passes for 212 yards and three touchdowns and scored the one time.
Castellanos said the nonprofit plans to announce the next location for the sculpture within a few weeks. "We wanted to give (people) an opportunity to see her, if they haven't already," she said.
He reached Hajab in time. On a cool summer morning, the master performed a favorite piece called "A Fine Horse."
Tom Kloza, chief oil analyst at the Oil Price Information Service, believes that the normal seasonal rise in prices has been pulled ahead by events in the Middle East, but he still expects prices to rise further. He predicts prices will reach $3.50 to $3.75 per gallon, barring more chaos in the Middle East.
"The current rebate system is clunky and expensive, and needs to be replaced with a simpler, more rational credit system that actually lowers a homeowner’s tax bill," said Assemblyman John Burzichelli (D-Gloucester), a co-sponsor.
Anthony scored 30 points in Monday's loss, and as ESPNNewYork.com's Ian
Maloos is one of many special needs animals treated by San Francisco Animal Care and Control, which depends on funds raised by the non-profit Friends of SF/ACC to pay for enhanced services at the public shelter.
After the train was flagged down and came to a stop, its engineer and conductor evacuated and contacted local emergency responders, Pidgeon said.
By Pamela Bayer as told to Plain Dealer Reporter Marcia Pledger
They sent the letter through Fair Elections Now, a coalition of good-government groups who hope the Supreme Court ruling will lead Congress to pass public campaign financing legislation they have long been seeking. Others supporting public financing include former campaign strategists for President Barack Obama and former President George W. Bush.
Hussein Hamdeh's attorney declined to comment because the case is pending. Hala Hamdeh's attorney did not return a telephone message seeking comment.
The sponsor, Alderman John Pellerito, said Potter has told him he would sign the ban despite his opposition to it.
"The question of support of an individual newspaper for politicians one way or another is not something that I would ever link to a commercial transaction like this," Murdoch said. "Nor would I expect … political support one way or another ever to translate into a minister behaving in an inappropriate way — ever. I simply wouldn't do business that way."
"We're worried about an increase in crime and drugs in an area so close to a school," said Gregoria Bautista, a mother with children in Mapleton Public Schools who attended the hearing. "We are in support of the program, just not the location, and their clarifications don't make me feel better."
The scoring continued and so did the hard hits. Neal flattened Game 2 star Sean Couturier in the waning minutes and sent the Flyers rookie center to the locker room. Players from both teams - including Schenn and Crosby - had to be separated during a melee along the boards. Neal appeared to target Giroux's head in the third, though the Flyers star ducked and landed softly on the ice.
Attorneys for Lee and Cain maintained their clients<U+0092> innocence.
Police said 10 people were arrested about 11 p.m. for misdemeanor criminal trespass outside the clinic at 63rd Street and South Woodlawn Avenue.
Vogt says the only way to make all of this work is by earning a black belt in time management. It's something he wrestled to the ground years ago.
Twenty-one years after they bought the 1830s farmhouse, Dorman and Mazaroff have completed a glass-and-steel addition that allows them to take full advantage of the panoramic vistas that drew them to the property in the first place.
Sievers will head back to Uganda in a month to finalize the adoption of the two children, the latest of more than 10 children she has adopted over more than 20 years, her son said.
17258 SW Starbuck Ln; 1,677 square feet; on 8/19/2011 for $220,000
$36.50 (GA), $38 (Reserved) $40 (DOS)
Maifest concludes the return of The Alex Meizner Band and a traditional pig roast on Saturday, May 19 at 8 p.m. and Family Fun Day on Sunday, May 20 from 12:30 to 3:30 p.m. featuring children’s music star Big Jeff and The Bouncy People.
285: First, Daniel Terrana, Ste. Genevieve, pinned Jake Hinson, Owensville, 5:54.
Ochocinco left for home after getting the good news and said he would return “in a week or two.”
Q: I have been pampering the lantanas in my yard for several years, and quite frankly, I'm failing. I drive by strip malls and highway medians and see them in robust form with a preponderance of blooms. Mine, however, are leggy and almost without flowers.
Today was a contrast in scenes in the neighborhood: While children rode bicycles or swam in the lake, the Morris County Sheriff’s Office canine unit searched the area around the Novellino home and a small wooded area down the street. The street around the house was blocked off with yellow crime scene tape.
Most people who watched the broadcast shared a moment of fascination and then carried on with their lives. Graham wrote a letter to the surgeon, Michael DeBakey.
Zynga, if it has to, can afford to sit tight and build its business.
Done at 12:31: Half hour. Remarkably tight and coherent speech (it's not his usual way). But looking at the substance, much of this isn't soup yet. On pensions, Medicaid reform and tax loopholes -- the three big savings areas he's counting on, and which he's identified as urgent -- there were no numbers at all, but rather a vow to form working groups to come up with numbers.
Several athletes with Portland/Eugene ties -- or addresses -- have popped up in recent news releases from USA Track and Field.
20. Aric Almirola 187.
As the first chief climate scientist for the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory, he's also one of the key climate specialists the world is relying as it decides whether to combat climate change.
The nonstop is a godsend, said Kent MeElhattan, president and chief executive of Industrial Scientific Corp.
Tennessee DT Malik Jackson, to Denver, rating of 50.0
That's especially important on Christmas, when Christians celebrate the most famous birth announcement in history.
Tilford, who isn't accepting campaign donations for the primary and vows to serve only one term, focuses heavily on improving services offered to disabled veterans and Social Security recipients.
However, state regulations from the 1980s prohibit the township from taking more out of the ground. So much water was then being used that salt water from the Raritan Bay was being pulled underground.
In the three months after baggage fees were introduced, the frequency of lost, damaged, delayed or pilfered bags dropped by more than half, compared to the three months before the fees.
The Coeur d'Alene Press reports 30-year-old John Ernest Cross was charged with the felony Tuesday in 1st District Court and appointed a public defender.
“If I vote for this, I want to know six months from now how it’s going. And if it’s not, then we just pull out,” he said.
When: 10 a.m.-6 p.m. Saturday, March 10, and 10 a.m.-5 p.m. Sunday, March 11.
Fenton
Despite high pickup sales, the company's F-Series was up 24 percent, Ford's commercial lines suffered slightly in November. Sales of the Avon Lake-built Econoline van series were down 3 percent while the imported Transit Connect small commercial van was down 2 percent.
Democrats tend to stick by the president, expressing much more confidence in his ability to turn the economy around. More than 7 in 10 say they are at least somewhat confident of his abilities to improve the economy. Among independents, 37 percent are that confident and only 11 percent of Republicans share that view.
Patmon has $2,880 to spend, but outstanding loans totaling more than $10,000.
Not my mom's biscuits (but pretty good)
Gail: It's outrageous. We should boycott. By the way, I am short and right-handed.
– Pat Brennan
Each new airship will cost about $21 million, including technical support, the company said. The replacements will be longer (246 feet versus 192 feet), will fly faster (73 mph versus 54 mph) and have more gondola seats (13 versus seven, including pilot).
That includes the use of old-fashioned wooden fermenters and whole Pinot Noir clusters on the Sonoma coast. It means making Chardonnay by barely touching the barrels, and fermenting with indigenous yeast to highlight Lodi's old-vine Zinfandel. It means minimizing additions in the cellar, and innovating the historical practice of blending white wines.
The gallery ceilings were all angles punctuated by Alexander Calder mobiles and gigantic crystal chandeliers. Mirrors reflected the colors of the art on the walls, and a video screen stared down at me as people walked overhead. An installation of tables and chairs grew organically at right angles 10 feet above the ground. This isn't through the looking glass, it's wandering around inside of it, an absurd and exciting fun house of cultural whimsy.
Now, an indelicate -- perhaps hilarious -- line has been crossed. Are we ready for mobile hot dogs served from the final rest stop, the clutches of death, the lair of vampires? The ghoulish geniuses behind a bit of mobile madness -- Dead Dogs Ltd. -- believe we are.
The wading pools that dot Portland parks have been summer gathering spots for generations. But all 36 are closed this summer -- and will stay that way for good.
Let's hope it doesn't get skipped over for repairs.
Bridgewater-Raritan Superintendent Michael Schilder said students at those schools would remain there, while 24 students from the district’s other primary schools would be sent to Milltown.
Voters in this village, still recovering from a major gas explosion last January, can't go wrong with a strong and collaborative field of prospective mayoral candidates seeking to replace incumbent Mayor Frank Sarosy, 65, who decided not to run again for the part-time job.
Ask Joe Blandino how he likes retirement and if the new, 24,000-pound James Hursey press box will stand as is.
The prizes are awarded through the William G. Baker, Jr. Memorial Fund, established in 1964 by Mary Sawyers Baker in honor of her late husband, a founding partner in the Baltimore investment banking firm of Baker Watts.
SIERRA 14, SANTA ROSA 1 (5)
They are there to watch and to catch up with old friends and old coaches.
But point guard Ty Lawson said part of Denver’s problem in Game 1 was that players failed to put themselves in position to receive passes from teammates driving to the basket. Lawson and Afflalo each made only three of 11 shots in part because easier scoring options didn’t materialize.
"At the same time I've been growing myself, the department has kind of been changing with me," said senior Sean Grasso, 21. "I've been seeing this evolution in my own knowledge of filmmaking. At the same time the department is kind of moving that way as well. Overall I would say the department has just gotten much better and much more appealing for all the students."
Every person in higher education has a moral responsibility and expectation to protect the young men and women we interact with on a daily basis. We are expected to protect and nurture their children the same way we would protect and nurture our own children. Today one of our great nation’s largest institutions of higher learning admitted that they failed in their moral obligation and responsibility to protect the children that their parents entrusted to us. They failed in properly investigating the claims brought before them and allowed a sexual predator repeated access to a venue to commit disgusting crimes on the most precious resource we can as human beings can create, our children.
The moral of that story was simple: If you have the technology to check the specific time, you check it. Instead, that crew gave the Huskies a mere 0.5 seconds to attempt the tying 3 rather than the 1.2 ticks Romar’s team deserved.
Last year, as in all years, the Lake Ridge admissions department opened its doors to students wishing to apply for enrollment. One group of students who has received an undue amount of press lately came from Regina High School, a school that fell victim to a recent closing. All Regina families were invited to tour the school, understand what it has to offer, and make an important decision about their future. Only those who met the rigorous admissions standards were accepted and offered the exact same scholarship opportunities that any family coming to Lake Ridge Academy is offered.
Hometown blues: When the Royals return home May 3, their 0-10 home record will be staring them in the eyes.
Curran worked at the parish between 1980 and 1993, and died in 2000. The Archdiocese has substantiated allegations of sexual abuse against him, according to the church's website, which did not provide additional details about those incidents.
"It's not just at games that parents behave poorly - they are acting up at practices, meetings, fund raisers, etc."
It's the Gonzalez trade and any extension that follows that some believe will have the larger impact on the Cardinals.
Utley's sidekick, junior defender/midfielder Mikala McGhee, also continues to shine. She has six goals and 13 assists for 25 points, second on the team to Utley's 68.
Paraduxx
710 Hawbrooke Rd, $560,000
Joke fest: The Laugh Factory comedy clubs in Hollywood and Chicago are teaming Tuesday to hold a 24-hour joke-athon to cheer up Miles Austrevich, a Chicago teenager with brain cancer. The event begins at 1 p.m. and will be streamed at http://www.laughfactory.com.
Hours before President Obama was scheduled to visit a federally funded jobs-training program in Ohio, Republicans argued Wednesday morning that his policies are "strangling" the state's economy and have cost Ohioans tens of thousands of jobs since he took office.
While Furtado is known for collaborating with dozens of artists from Timbaland to Michael Buble, she said she's hoping to work with her fellow Canadian, rapper-singer Drake.
All three men are Democrats.
Widmer Brothers Brewing
øMay 18
Under the bill, the Vikings would sign a 30-year lease on a stadium to be built on the site of the Metrodome in Minneapolis. The team would pay about $13 million annually in operating fees, though a public authority gets the power to rent out the building on non-game days for concerts, conventions and special events. The Wilfs would get exclusive rights to recruit a professional soccer team to Minnesota.
Zach McAllister pitched six innings for his first major league win as the Indians roughed up a far-from-perfect Philip Humber (1-2) in the first game.
Southland parents of autistic children said they experienced shock, denial, shame, devastation and depression upon hearing the diagnosis.
As both commander-in-chief and the head of the executive branch of the US government, Obama never acts alone. The call was his to make, but the execution of the policy both before the call and after it was not his work.
Lynch, through her attorney Helen Nau, said she was pleased the court "had the wisdom to recognize the best interest of the child cannot be reconciled with the sort of tort claim asserted."
A simpler and less expensive option began to gain traction in the early 2000s after influential lawyers, acting on the principle that individuals should be able to do what they want with their own money unless it's illegal or against public policy, moved to expand the concept of the trust to include pets and noncharitable purposes, Beyer said.
Web sites such as tmz.com and usatoday.com have already featured items on the incident. It's sad, since Madonna gave such a solid performance, but this may dominate post-Super Bowl discussion of the halftime show.
"It's probably one of the most economical beverages you can make," said Bob Boewe, owner of the Spice Merchant, in Wichita, Kan., a purveyor of specialty teas.
“This makes it more possible for our students to have a wonderful kind of graduate and undergraduate education at St. Peter’s,” said Hudson County Community College President Dr. Glen Gabert. “We are changing lives.”
The night’s two most underrated buckets came from the Cavs other rookie, Mychel Thompson. He hit a pair of 3-pointers in the first two-plus minutes of the third quarter – one of their best of the season. The Cavaliers outscored the Mavs, 27-13, and took a six-point lead into the final 12 minutes.
We would also like to thank our wonderful Hospice & Palliative Care volunteers.
The one-time chicken farmer had more than a half-dozen successful careers during his long life. Among them: champion race car driver, racing team owner, automobile manufacturer, automotive consultant, safari tour operator, raconteur, chili entrepreneur and philanthropist.
The Ducks return home for non-conference games today at 1 p.m. against San Francisco and Tuesday at 6 p.m. against Portland at PK Park in Eugene, and then play host to No. 20 Arizona in a three-game series beginning Thursday.
Today, snipers face an enemy that wears no uniforms or insignia. It makes for a tougher environment that requires powers of observation and judgment.
2. Besides Vernon Davis, Alex Smith’s targets are limited
"It's a dream come true. There's no word to describe it," Stonehouse said. "It's the best feeling to ever happen. It's finally true."
It was an unassuming, no-frills joint that you entered by climbing a narrow flight of wooden stairs from the sidewalk on Olive. Sadly, the whole building went up in flames in the summer of 2003, which was a painful sight for many of us. Even though I hadn't been there for years, I can still see the classic red-and-white bowling-pin-shaped sign that stood on the roof.
Barnard is the founder and president of the Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine, a Washington, D.C.-based nonprofit group that promotes preventive medicine, conducts clinical research and advocates healthy diets for disease prevention.
Coming up this Saturday, July 23, is the seventh annual Celebrate Hillsboro! — a day-long festival in Historic Downtown with music, dance, a farmers market, fun, games, and even a challenge for the citizens.
Placing a loose tent of aluminum foil over the bird will create an environment that will help the stuffing reach the proper temperature, she says, while helping the breast meat stay moist.
The residents noted that Vega signed the plea agreement on July 20, but continued to occupy office and vote on city matters until he quit last week.
At an earlier meeting, Abraham had floated the idea of setting aside some money each year to fix the enormous building bit by bit.
In 20 years, the owner of East Fourth Street restaurant La Strada and East Side stalwart La Dolce Vita has reinvented not just the local culinary scene, but his own life.
"It broke my heart, what a cruel thing to do," wrote a woman whose son used a similar device as a child.
“I’m not really thinking about it. I’m just going out there doing what I’ve got to do.”
The city took over the roadway from the state in 2001 and started planning its transformation.
Like the weather today? It's no accident.
(916) 984-4940
Zillions of beer taps? Check.
Sara Baldwin, the veteran U.S. Forest Service area ranger, dropped by our campsite while checking out conditions at Pettit Lake. Sara has been a ranger at Lake Tahoe, in Alaska and, now, here. I asked what makes this place so special, and she replied, "It's a great place to restore yourself. The big highlight is the backcountry experience where you can reconnect with nature. That's what people love about it. When people drive into the basin today, they know there is something different about this place."
Students will be allowed to miss school to attend the funeral, Gordillo said. Arrangements have not been finalized at Joseph Misencik Funeral Home in Lakewood.
The charges come more than five months after 26-year-old Robert Champion died aboard a chartered bus parked outside an Orlando hotel.
• Heat coach Erik Spoelstra reveres Anthony so much, that most of his defensive game planning is centered around the Knicks star, wrote Kevin Armstrong of the Daily News: "Spoelstra considers Anthony “one of the three toughest covers in the league” and he assigned multiple bodies to contain him. Anthony faced fronting defenses from Miami’s defensive battery of LeBron James and Shane Battier, but managed to beat them in the first quarter... Regression followed. He scored six points in the second quarter and three in the third. The Knicks entered the fourth down nine, and Anthony could not bring them back as he hit just two shots and converted a pair of free throws."
If you're with friends, drinking lots of wine and not paying close attention to the food, there's plenty to recommend about Andalu, which continues to attract a young Mission crowd. The lofty 130-seat interior adds a celebratory feel, along with the impressive bar along the side and the open kitchen in back. The high ceilings open up the room and allow for a whimsical row of porthole windows resembling Champagne bubbles to dance across the top of the walls.
Blanco, the highest paid agency employee in 2010, made 68 percent more than the executive director and nearly triple the pay of the two governors who controlled the agency, Gov. Chris Christie ($175,000) and New York Gov. David Paterson ($179,000).
Then the four, dressed in suits, filed out of the courtroom as silently as they came in. They are scheduled to be tried together later this year for the attack on Divyendu Sinha, 49.
"I'll probably be out of here by 9 o'clock," he said recently during a break from the kitchen. "It's a long day, but it's a lot of fun. I get to be a part of people's Thanksgiving."
The greatest matchup problem Jones created all season probably came in the Spartans' final game. She scored 35 points in a 51-45 overtime loss to conference rival Fort Zumwalt West in their Class 5 quarterfinal game.
Breivik addressed the court as proceedings resumed after a 10-minute break. "If someone wants to throw something at me, you can do it when I walk in or when I leave, thank you," he said, according to Akerman.
HELP IS ON THE WAY?
The blaze broke out early Monday in Tabernacle and Woodland, and by mid-morning it had extended across 600 acres. Roughly half of the fire had been contained by early Monday night, but state officials expect it will consume about 1,000 acres before it's finished.
Danzig
They steamrolled through China, Manchuria, Burma, Thailand, France-Indo China, Malaysia Singapore, Philippines, Dutch East Indies to name a few. Everywhere they went they committed atrocities. How do I know? By personal experience. My Dad, who was a Dutch citizen in the Dutch East Indies now known as Indonesia, was a school teacher all his adult life. After Pearl Harbor they stuck him in a uniform and shoved a rifle in his hand. In about 10 days the Japanese steamrolled through the Archipelago. And as a POW he was sent to Siam, now Thailand. One of my uncles was sent to Japan to work in the coal mines, and died there. Some of my other uncles went to the bottom of the Java Sea. My Dad was 220 lbs. when he went in to the military and was 120 lbs. when he came out.
I was starting to wonder who exactly had come up with the myth of towering Amazonian women, because the chief of the Puerto Miguel village, who wore a heart-melting smile and a Guess Jeans T-shirt, was barely taller than my elbow.
Buffett said he doesn't really have an opinion on Facebook and Google because it's hard to determine their value and how they will fare in the future.
Both private and U.S. Department of Energy analysts expect wholesale prices will remain moderate this winter because of the record amount of natural gas in storage and the number of new well being drilled.
Yet right now, even though many of the world<U+0092>s brightest STEM students train in our universities, the federal government forces many of them to leave as soon as they are handed a diploma. When these graduates return to their home countries, they go to work for foreign companies that compete against us <U+0096> or they found companies that will create jobs overseas, rather than here in the U.S. This is the federal government at its most frustrating. And it is doing real damage to our economy.
Little of this menu is groundbreaking, but most is in tune with popular trends.
But if they were found guilty, they would not be compensated, sparing the public the expense. It seems fair, and right, that we not provide for the welfare and subsistence of someone who is charged with betraying our trust.
BERLIN - A bad European week for Chancellor Angela Merkel looks likely to end with more electoral woes — this time, the likely re-election of a center-left government in Germany's most populous state, which Merkel has sought to portray as irresponsibly addicted to debt.
Carpenter helped himself by making a diving catch of Pujols' first-inning feed from the first-base hole. Carpenter's dive left his right hand and head exposed as he tagged the bag with his glove while shortstop Elvis Andrus rumbled by.
The conditions restraining Oregon's tech economy --competition from Asia, strategic missteps, a weak environment for startups and Oregon's flailing education system --have long been acknowledged inside and outside the industry.
The pope will meet with President Felipe Calderon, whose right-wing, pro-Catholic National Action Party, or PAN, has ruled for the last 12 years. Under the PAN, the church has steadily inserted itself in public policy, experts and longtime church observers say.
SOURCE: Proxy filing Monday with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
In the locker room, he has become wary of certain media -- the ones who have pointed out his flaws -- while aligning himself with those who have ignored his play. I approached him after Saturday's game, and he said he didn't know why I would want to talk to him.
On the night he was killed, Phanthavong was on his way to the restaurant to borrow $20 so he could put gas in his car before coming to work the next day, Whitney said. The car sputtered to a halt on the ramp, less than a quarter-mile from the restaurant.
Her daughter's retort: "Why don't you just get a chameleon and let it crawl across the screen?"
Target notified the state in November that it would close its Bedford store last month, laying off 109 workers. The national retailer said it would try to find jobs at other stores for laid-off workers.
Photo shop: The future reopening of the Fulton Road bridge qualifies as a grab-your-camera moment.
The 2012 Michigan Green Leaders, honored Friday at an awards breakfast, have found sustainable ways to contribute to their communities to improve the environment.
They also said for students who fail, a second year of algebra can provide the additional support they need to eventually pass the course.
The American Cancer Society, American Heart Association and American Lung Association wrote Proposition 29, the measure on the June 5 ballot to increase California's cigarette tax by $1 to $1.87 per pack. Lung Association President Jane Warner likes to emphasize the demarcation at play: She's with the good guys, while the bad guys, Big Tobacco, will spend buckets more money trying to fight the measure than her groups will spend trying to pass it.
The 78th annual Normandy Holiday Invitational is revamped, reloaded and ready to rock this week at Normandy High School.
The Five-Time Atlantic League Champion Somerset Patriots have announced that Patriots Fan Fest will take place at TD Bank Ballpark on Saturday, April 14, from 12 pm to 3 pm.
Joining Robinson on the first team were Jared Sullinger of Ohio State, the first repeat All-America in three years, freshman Anthony Davis of Kentucky, Draymond Green of Michigan State and Doug McDermott of Creighton.
Eventually, they ended up in Blake Commagere's East Palo Alto garage. The former Plaxo engineer and serial startup guy, who had incubated a number of companies in his home, suddenly had the only geek house with a chocolate twist.
She had a superlative series, throwing more than 200 feet on each of her last four attempts.
Cleveland FC 1, Woodridge Premier 1
Resources
HOURS: 11 a.m.-2 p.m., and 5-9 p.m. Wednesdays- Saturdays; 1-7 p.m. Sundays
"We, as governors, have to get our houses in order," Christie said. "We know we have to be a good place to do business."
A few months later, LeCrichia crossed the country to further his cat's career.
"He said, ‘This is a really large grant that I’m giving, and I want to make sure the kids get what I’m paying for,’ " Christie said.
Though the hiring has helped support consumer confidence and incomes, "we have not seen that in a persuasive way yet," Bernanke said. The Fed needs to "remain cautious" in deciding what its next moves should be, he said.
Pitch-Hikers!
Where: Aberdeen Civic Arena.
From there, Roper was picked off for the second time and the Preds turned the ball over on downs twice in the fourth quarter. The Force turned the pick into a touchdown with just over nine minutes to play to tie the game at 24-all.
Which is exactly what Martin did against his former teammates. He played on the Nuggets for the last seven seasons.
GOLF TOURNAMENT: The Creve Coeur-Olivette Chamber of Commerce holds its annual golf tournament at noon May 22 at the Landings at Spirit Golf Club in Chesterfield. The fee is $100 and includes driving range, box lunch, dinner and beverages. Call 314-569-3536.
Woods is sorry. The real apology should be for what a sorry excuse Woods has become for a sport that values sportsmanship, dignity and manners.
Did I say how much I love the day?
"I serve with wonderful people here. Unfortunately, there are people who should be held accountable, who violated the public trust. They undermine the credibility of the government, as this government has been undermined. There's no question of that."
"There's always weather concerns and if it's really bad, state police recommend you don't do it," McDonough said, later adding, "We don't mind getting a little wet but you've got to be aware of the safety of drivers on I-95."
The state Assembly Committee on Public Safety, which is chaired by Jersey City Assemblyman Charles Mainor, is holding its April meeting tomorrow at New Jersey City University in Jersey City.
7. Image Arts San Francisco
"If they're pressuring hard, you're going to have to make quicker plays, make quicker reads and give better support," McDonald said. "At the same time, that can be a weakness, but we have to be prepared for them. It's going to be a lot different than last series. and we have to be ready for it. "
But PATCO also saw a fare increase in 2011.
The most notable newcomers to join Mission Street's ranks are Mission Chinese Food and Commonwealth, both of which have garnered national attention for their innovative approaches to cooking and their practice of donating some of their profits to charity. Mission Chinese Food blurs the line between traditional and unconventional Asian fare, while at Commonwealth, Jason Fox uses a variety of techniques to produce some of the most exciting cuisine San Francisco has to offer - both in ultra-casual environments.
Think about that. It’s bad enough to have an opponent own you, year after year after year. It’s much worse to see that unfinished business go on for eternity, like a poker player not just leaving the table with all the chips, but heading straight for the airport and changing his phone number.
Pasadena (10-7) ends league play 2-4 and likely needs a strong run through the Pacific League tournament to net a CIF Southern Section at-large berth.
CELEBRATING 10 YEARS
Beer dinner. Blue Canyon Kitchen and Tavern, 8960 Wilcox Drive, Twinsburg, offers a Goose Island beer dinner at 6:30 p.m. Thursday, May 27. A six-course meal is planned. Cost: $50. Reservations required. Call 330-486-2583.
Yoesting spent hours hauling garbage out of 1430. He hung a Miller Lite poster in the kitchen and set photos of his sons, both grown, alongside the television. A roommate provided a recliner and an armchair.
But will bigger bins encourage fliers to bring larger bags? Airlines hope not, and are trying to crack down before luggage makes it into the cabin.
Among the relics I found intriguing were an electric heater, a "speaking tube" used to communicate between decks, pieces of chandeliers, a marble sink fragment with water faucet, bed-frame fragments, a crystal candy dish, paper goods such as playing cards and postcards, a spittoon, champagne and two lumps of coal that "were intended to propel the Titanic across the ocean."
Dash 1, Mudcats 0 LHP Mike Rayl (0-2, 4.91) and LHP J.D. Reichenbach (0.00) held host Winston-Salem (N.C.) to three hits, but Carolina lost a Carolina League game. Rayl allowed one run, two hits and one walk in seven innings. He struck out five. Reichenbach gave up one hit in one inning. RHP Andre Rienzo (0.82) hurled six scoreless innings for the Dash, and RHP Jon Bachanov (1-0, 2.08) got the win in relief with two scoreless innings. 1B Dan Black's seventh-inning single knocked in 2B Carlos Sanchez for Winston-Salem.
One of the most devious complications is when Tamora agrees to marry Saturninus. Love is not her motive, because she wants to get close to him in order to facilitate her plans for revenge.
The local contractor hired a crew to inspect the jobs, but with the out-of-towners slapping up 800 roofs, he had trouble keeping up. His BBB reputation took a huge hit, he said, even though he made good on a dozen jobs gone wrong.
The same can and should be true of employers who may not want pot smokers on the payroll. People should have the right to smoke marijuana off hours at home, just as people should have the right to have a couple of cocktails.
Citizens Against Government Waste said lobbyists have mastered a new method of persuasion now that earmarks are off the table: Contact federal agencies directly to discuss funding opportunities and urge elected officials to influence agency decisions on funding.
LAS VEGAS -- Donald Trump on Thursday endorsed Mitt Romney for the Republican presidential nomination, a move with little likely impact on voting but rich with billionaire-meets-millionaire symbolism.
Hillsboro City Manager Michael Brown also said city officials are open to the idea of two teams coexisting.
Thursday, federal officials in New Jersey and Brooklyn unveiled a vast new 143-page indictment against the majority of the original New Jersey defendants, while also announcing the arrests of three new defendants — all of whom were current or former supervisors with the International Longshoremen’s Association.
"The problem with carbon monoxide is that it's colorless and odorless, and it accumulates in the body," Martin said. "It builds up and basically shuts down the body. The treatment is oxygen, and the hyperbaric chamber just floods the body with oxygen."
After her release, Shourd, a Los Angeles native, said she and her companions had been arrested while hiking near a waterfall that is popular with tourists and locals. She said they had accidentally crossed into Iran after an armed guard beckoned them off a path and then refused to allow them to return.
In this case, however, everything came straight from the menu; the only surprise was a caramel, yuzu and celery sorbet that preceded the dessert course and turned out to be the most interesting and innovative dish that night.
Trips
For the past two years, the city of Cleveland has managed to get a small portion of that money on its own, but the rest of the county has not, Allan said.
Some are mean-spirited: Iowa would allow business owners to refuse goods and services to those in gay marriages.
Hey, Doug: Robert Griffin III.
The state Appellate Division agreed and reversed the bail. Last week, the Supreme Court suspended the appellate decision to give the prosecutor time to appeal.
"We maintain our view that the ultimate cost to BP could fall ... substantially below the cost inferred by the share price fall since the accident," said Richard Griffith, an oil analyst at Evolution Securities.
Attorneys for a man who was molested by a Southeast Portland Boy Scout leader in the 1980s filed suit this morning, claiming that the Boy Scouts of America and the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints failed to protect the man from abuse as a boy even though they knew his leader was a notorious pedophile.
Scouting may not wish to acknowledge this cultural shift, but I guarantee you, within the 2.7 million young men engaged in Scouting's programs, there are many who now or will later identify as gay.
One Station Camp High School English teacher, Brittany Pratt, said the book has some foul language but nothing students hadn't heard before. A sex scene was relatively minor, and the book won a 2006 Printz award for excellence in young adult literature.
Anaheim's plant will come online later this year. The Carrizo Plains project may never come to fruition. In May, a coalition of environmentalist groups filed a lawsuit attempting to block construction, alleging SunPower violated the California Environmental Quality Act and didn't perform a proper environmental impact study.
Susan Jackson
"I'm a sap for the black or black-like colored novelty plants," she wrote. "I just love the black tulips, irises, violas, petunias, annual black-grass, annual potato vines, the very dark Asiatic lilies, ajuga, actaea, sambucus, and a number of heucheras. They are very fun and become a very nice contrast in the garden or planters. They usually get very many conversations going."
Halko can't explain why Lyndhurst -- best known, perhaps, as the home to the Legacy Village shopping center and former home to the TRW Inc. headquarters -- ranked highest on life expectancy. The suburb appears similar to many middle- to upper-middle class bedroom communities in the Cleveland area.
The wind was so fierce, it reignited material that had essentially been reduced to charcoal, an extremely rare occurrence, Bass said.
In the high-profile case that sparked awareness of cyber-bullying and harassment of gay teenagers, Ravi, 20, was convicted on parts of all 15 counts against him — including four bias intimidation counts — involving his former roommate, Tyler Clementi, an 18-year-old freshman. However, the jury had some difficulty with portions of the bias counts, giving a split verdict on some of the specific acts in which he was charged.
But public outcry from consumers, parents and school district officials, triggered by YouTube videos and online petitions, drove industry and government to respond. It didn't hurt that the nickname attached to the product was so indelibly disgusting.
A list of registered and participants will then be distributed after registration is complete.
The hardest hit was Ercis, a city of 75,000 close to the Iranian border, which lies on the Ercis Fault in one of Turkey’s most earthquake-prone zones. Van, about 55 miles (90 kilometers) to the south, also sustained substantial damage.
2005 Then: "The Best of Youth," "Brokeback Mountain," "The Constant Gardener," "Capote," "Crash," "Good Night and Good Luck," "Match Point," "Murderball," "The Squid and the Whale," "The Three Burials of Melquiades Estrada"
West Slope Station, 3225 SW 87th Ave.
CVS Pharmacy is hosting their first ever in-store Halloween costume party on Sunday, Oct. 23.
Conference opponents' winning percentage: .493
He'd better find someone who appreciates a bold, charismatic woman.
A 5-year-old boy brought packets of heroin to a show and tell at his Connecticut kindergarten.
But the biggest treats are contained in his rambling studio complex filled with thrift store finds, robots and ray guns made of found objects and weird "discoveries" from his "World of Wonders" oeuvre. One is immediately taken aback by a female skeleton that jumps when a motion sensor is set off. "Jumping Judy" welcomes you to the arcane objects that wind in labyrinthine fashion through the studio.
The tour is meant to take three hours, but fans may find themselves lingering much longer over sets like Dumbledore’s office (where you can spot the gleaming gold “memory cabinet” and silver Pensieve), Hagrid’s humble hut, Professor Umbridge’s sickly-pink office, and the Weasleys’ homely kitchen with its hands-free “magic” iron, chef’s knife and knitting needles, all of which visitors can operate remotely by pointing a laser-like wand. (Too bad these labour-saving devices aren’t sold in the gift shop; they would make perfect Mother’s Day gifts.)
Last month, the Federal Trade Commission recommended the creation of a "Do Not Track" tool that would invite consumers to restrict advertisers from collecting information about them, including the websites they visit, the links they click, their Internet searches and their online purchases.
Of course, understating your weight is harmless. Going to work sick is different.
"It would enable us to fund some of the most urgent things that I don't think are adequately funded," said Councilman Dale Miller, the finance chairman. "Reserves are supposed to be for when you're working your way through a difficult situation."
But the younger characters, played by Kristen Stewart and Eddie Redmayne, have no real reason to be here, and the actors never manage an emotion above the level of vague, adolescent annoyance.
Christine Lawless, cardiologist for the MLS, laments the recent tragedies but concedes there is no way to be sure they won't happen again.
"Everyone is frustrated by the delay," Martins said on Sunday. He noted that the civilian trial of convicted Sept. 11 conspirator Zacarias Moussaoui took four years, and he pleaded guilty in 2006 before being sentenced to life in prison.
La Russa's number is the 13th overall retired by the club. Ozzie Smith (1), Schoendienst, Stan Musial (6), Enos Slaughter (9), Boyer, Dizzy Dean (17), Lou Brock (20), Herzog (24), Jackie Robinson/Bruce Sutter (42), Bob Gibson (45) and former chairman August A. Busch (85) are the others.
What is clear, Tapogna said, is that all trends suggest Oregon schools will continue to have to cut offerings, raise class sizes or shorten the school year in coming years.
The most notorious case was that of Abu Ghraib, an Iraq prison where members of the Maryland-based 372nd Military Police Company photographed themselves physically and sexually abusing detainees. Photos showed them holding one prisoner on a dog leash, another with a prisoner hooded and wires attached to him in a mock electrocution, another with naked prisoners stacked in a pyramid.
But the department has made some broad changes, imposing tougher and more thorough standards for its annual reviews of all state prisons, including those run by private contractors. A department spokesman says it has improved its security tests, and Ryan now requires that any Corrections employee appointed to monitor a contract prison have experience running a prison unit.
In Saturday's 7-3 win over Milwaukee, Cardinals relievers Victor Marte, Mitchell Boggs and Jason Motte retired nine of the 10 men they faced, with Motte permitting a harmless single in the ninth inning.
Dear College: Way to have faith in the lad.
Curious about what a Neighborhood Watch program does and how to join?
Considering the Jets' only direction seemed to come from finger-pointing last season, the last thing they need is another side show.
But that didn't mean mere human beings could detect any difference or would like what they saw if they could.
You know how that tenth bite of chocolate mousse just isn't as sensuous as the first? Still good, but you start to feel like you've had enough. Well, the same thing seems to happen when you simply imagine you're eating the food, only without racking up all the calories and fat.
Legislative negotiators opted to stick with their staff's projections for both future revenues and spending.
The deal is on the lower end of the spectrum for a starting quarterback, and it certainly is smaller than long-term deals signed recently by Ryan Fitzpatrick in Buffalo, Kevin Kolb in Arizona and Mark Sanchez in New York.
Kalikas suggested the Bellator production manager visit the I-X Center; Rebney said that when he did, he came back with raves.
KEARNY — A 79-year-old town woman was struck by a car that was parking around the corner from her house Saturday night and died Sunday from the injuries she sustained, police said.
More than 70,000 were killed, gassed to death or otherwise murdered between 1939 and 1941. Public protests stopped the wholesale massacres then, but thousands more of those deemed inferior lost their lives at the hands of sadistic doctors and nurses until the end of the war.
The crash occurred shortly before 7:30 a.m. near Ashland Avenue, according to a state trooper.
The third woman, Allyson Peterson, whom prosecutors say Dimora had flown in from Florida for trysts, died of an accidental drug and alcohol overdose in November.
But this week we officially entered spring, and my true love has once again changed. But who can blame me? Can anyone not fall head over heels in love with a season that blesses us with the rebirth of our gardens? Tulips pushing through the soil, staid aeoniums sending up monstrous stalks covered in tiny yellow flowers, roses starting to bud, California poppies spreading gold over field and meadow.
New Mexico
Mike Creagh, director of support service for the Scouts' Lewis and Clark Council, said the tree was rotted about 3 inches underground. He said trees there are examined each year before the camping season, but that damage to this one was not visible.
Even if Ryan wins a new trial, Thompson said, prosecutors may not have the stomach for another costly, time-consuming process and could agree to have Ryan resentenced on the convictions not in dispute. That could lead to his release on time served, he said.
"Ford Motor Co. is a Scrooge. The company is no longer giving retirees a Christmas bonus of $300 to $400. After bragging they had a $10 billion profit for the last two years, they gave their employees a bonus of $5,000 to $6,000 with more to come. And to the greedy workers who couldn't care less about the retirees, which you will be one day: What goes around comes around."
Still, there are moments when that won't bother you at all.
Where to Try It
Police consider thefts of air conditioners especially serious, said Assistant Granite City Police Chief Jeff Connor.
"I think it's a deliberative process and that the executive is an important part of the process," Miller said. "In the grand scheme of things, the things we see differently, it's small compared to the overall size of the budget. And I'm confident we can work it out."
"He pitched well and continued to earn the additional opportunities. At the end, we felt he made us the best team to start the season."
1. Cuyahoga County: Obama carried the state's largest county in roughly the same manner as John Kerry four years ago. The unofficial returns show Obama defeated McCain by 245,467 votes (68 percent to 30 percent). Kerry in 2004 defeated George Bush by 227,000 (67 percent to 33 percent) in Cuyahoga County.
A disease is considered rare if fewer than 200,000 people in the United States are afflicted, and if a pharmaceutical company creating drug therapies for the disease can demonstrate that it can't make a profit within the first seven years of a drug being on the market.
The winner: While we love inside favorites, we're giving One Direction higher marks on this inaugural scorecard. Luxuriating with Playboy models and having your artist friends embarrass you on television in the style of Ashton Kutcher does make us giggle, the Wanted, but One Direction is on its grind just as hard. Even if that grind is a bit more wholesome.
"Smash": I'm still enjoying the show, but oh, do I have a wish list:
Portland writer Emily Chenoweth's first novel "Hello Goodbye" has just been published in a paperback edition with supplemental material. It's a fine book, well worth reading this summer.
Catholics, Southern Baptists, Missouri-Synod Lutherans and members of the Assemblies of God packed three floors of the rotunda at the "Rally for Religious Liberty" to protest the January announcement by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. Arguments over liberty and governmental authority being made concurrently in the U.S. Supreme Court were mentioned by speakers and those in the crowd. The rally also came on the same day that the Missouri Senate gave initial approval to a bill that allows employers to opt out of the contraception mandate.
The pair also face charged in Lower Township, where several burglaries also occurred in recent weeks.
It's long gone now, but 100 years ago today the Tigers moved into their new home at the corner of Michigan and Trumbull.
2925 NANTWICH LANE $84,900
How much: $38-$98, call (973) 642-8989 or visit njpac.org.
"The Fighter" was nominated for seven Oscars including Best Picture, Best Director, Best Supporting Actor and Best Supporting Actress (for both Adams and Leo). In January, Bale won a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor.
17201 Hilltop Ridge Dr, $185,000
Jan Ballman, CEO of Minneapolis-based court-reporting firm Paradigm Reporting and Captioning, said she lost a valuable employee to burnout last year.
Power also overcame a major penalty. He was one of 11 drivers using Chevrolet engines who were docked 10 starting spots because Chevrolet, which is new to IndyCar this year, made an unapproved engine change in their cars.
Get the clippers, South Euclid. It's time for a better look.
That was prior to the Aldridge we're seeing today. Aldridge has scored at least 20 points in 16 games since then (23 overall), and grabbed at least 10 rebounds in 12 games. Griffin had his franchise record of 27 straight double-doubles snapped in Wednesday night's win over the Minnesota Timberwolves. Griffin is second to only Kevin Love in double-doubles this season with 30, while Aldridge is tied for eighth in the NBA with 20.
Depiro is charged with racketeering conspiracy, including predicate acts of conspiring to extort International Longshoremen’s Association (ILA) members on the New Jersey piers, bookmaking, extortionate collection of credit, and illegal gambling.
Ravi and Wei face anything from probation to five years in prison if convicted. If the charges are upgraded to a second-degree bias crime, they could face up to 10 years in prison.
Even on quiet weeknights, desert dwellers from across the Valley are drawn to the water. Boaters and rowers are on the lake. Joggers, inline skaters and bicyclists travel the trails that line the north and south shores.
2004 Utilities lobby defeats attempt by then-state Sen. Debra Bowen to eliminate secrecy law.
Follow the trail Tour and taste at the local producers along Delaware's Wine and Ale Trail (visitdelaware.com/wineandale/trails). You'll sample the vintages at Nassau Valley Vineyards (32165 Winery Way, Lewes, nassauvalley.com), Delaware's only award-winning winery, and visit its museum chronicling the history of winemaking. Afterwards, explore the Dogfish Head microbrewery (6 Village Center Blvd, Milton, 302-684-1000 dogfish.com).
He managed to get in a few licks on the field, too. Returning from a California trip, where the UO was mangled at Berkeley and Stanford, the team stopped off to play Ashland Normal School, now Southern Oregon University. McArthur donned a uniform to fill in at halfback, Wagner said.
The study, conducted between July 1, 2006, and March 31, 2008, divided some 212,000 VSP users (excluding those over age 65) into two groups: those with chronic conditions detected during eye exams; and those with chronic conditions detected by other means.
The only thing wrong with this otherwise terrific novel is its title, which isonly marginally accurate, for in fact the protagonist to whom it refers is as much a giver of pleasure as a seeker of it.
He became a sergeant in 2003 and was promoted to lieutenant three years later.
After her presentation at Calico, Moss will sign her most recent book, Charlotte Moss Decorates. Making a home is always a challenge, notes Moss-especially after some years in a house. Furnishings fade. Colors look tired. Patterns that appealed at the time can seem dated ten years later. "Just as the new kid on the block brings energy to the neighborhood, so do new objects in a room. Change is essential to vitality in design," she states. "And spring reawakens the nesting instinct in us all."
David Whitley, FanHouse: "Cheering against Tiger Woods used to be as futile as cheering against the sun coming up. Bad news, Tiger haters. It's time to start squinting again. Woods ended 30 months of darkness on Sunday at the Arnold Palmer Invitational. The five-shot win will be hailed as a breakthrough, but anyone who's seen him play recently knew it was inevitable . . . Still, 923 days is a long famine. Especially when the first 400 or so were spent on the cover of the National Enquirer."
Corman — who picked up an honorary Oscar this year — was famous for half-discovering, half-exploiting talents like Francis Ford Coppola and Martin Scorsese, John Sayles and Ron Howard. Yes, the mogul would admit, the conditions were lousy, the pay was pitiful and most of the material was from hunger. But look on the bright side, Corman used to say: Do a good job for me now, and you’ll never have to work for me again.
On Thursday, the general election campaign officially kicked-off when I participated in a joint candidate forum with Senator Gibbons at the Missouri Farm Bureau.
Review of most cases presently takes 60 to 90 days, though some take longer because witnesses aren't available or other problems arise, White said Wednesday.
The Legislature, meanwhile, has taken the cap off the number of charter schools that universities can allow, and 14 new ones are expected to open next fall.
"I wasn't the best kid out there -- ever," Lidstrom said. "Not the fastest or the hardest shot or the quickest."
Today, he is unemployed and he lost his job as a part-time oral surgeon at the New York State dental office where he worked since 2007 "because of this trial," he said. In New York, he earned $800 to $1,200 a week, depending on how many days he worked.
Bharara said the investigation is continuing.
About six minutes earlier, the Flyers had taken a 3-2 lead as Claude Giroux one-timed a slap shot from the left circle past Brodeur.
Lead actor in a drama Who will win: Bryan Cranston has won the last two, but he had another phenomenal year on AMC's "Breaking Bad."
Pfizer said full-year profit will be $1.23 to $1.38 per share, compared with a previous forecast for as much as $1.52. The change was from the sale of the company's nutrition unit, the drugmaker said.
behindblazersbeat
Contact Krista Jahnke: 313-222-8854 or kjahnke @freepress.com
"It's official now," Ciaccia added. "The clock starts running now."
The report was released the same day that 16 members of Congress wrote Homeland Security Janet Napolitano to raise concern over the death of 42-year-old Anastasio Hernandez, who died after being shot several times with a stun gun by federal authorities at San Diego's San Ysidro border crossing in May 2010. The U.S. Justice Department is investigating.
Tim Jackson, 2011 low amateur
Monte Schlechter Jr
arrested in Polk County
In a report released Monday, the board said it decided to terminate its employment of college football's all-time leader in wins after it learned the details of his 2011 grand jury testimony during an investigation into Sandusky.
Happily, the full menu can be ordered in any one of the three rooms inside the Pikey from opening until close at 2 a.m. Besides the main bar and the restaurant, there is a cozy space called the Maharajah Room based on its preponderance of old paintings of, yes, Hindu princes.
Rep. Diana DeGette, D-Colo., called the vote "an act of irresponsible partisanship" and a "political sideshow" that obscures the real issues in the Solyndra debacle.
After more than six months on the auction block, Florida-based Raymond James Financial emerged as the winning bidder to acquire Morgan Keegan & Co., a Memphis-based brokerage that's a powerhouse in municipal bond underwriting.
McKee on Wednesday told The Arizona Republic he was Prado's gym teacher. Prado had told McKee he couldn't swim well but wanted to improve his skills, McKee said.
Nonetheless, treating patients will remain a difficult process until a product for women is approved, says Irwin Goldstein, director of sexual medicine at Alvarado Hospital, San Diego, California. Patients trek to his clinic from all corners of the country to seek a solution for their sexual woes.
The hunt will feature 10,000 candy-stuffed eggs and will be divided into four age groups for children ages 1-12. The actual hunt will start promptly at 11 a.m.
Sun columnist Dan Rodricks opines that pit bulls are inherently dangerous ("Pit bulls: Own them at your risk," May 1). Based on our extensive experience with the breed, however, we'd argue that your average pit bull makes a fun-loving, affectionate companion. The ASPCA Anti-Cruelty Behavior Team has evaluated dogs from many backgrounds, including a large number of pit bulls rescued in dog fighting cases. Analysis of our evaluation data shows that these pit bulls exhibited significantly less aggression toward people than other dogs.
He could have retired six years ago but wanted to keep working, said a brother, Terry Romeo of Wildwood.
Her story: Beth Gampel, 28, grew up in Columbia and is an occupational therapist at Genesis Healthcare. Her father, Howard Gampel, is a pharmacist at Food Lion in Odenton. Her mother, Joanne Gampel, is a retired federal social science analyst.
All entries must be received by NAMI Hunterdon no later than April 15. Family members of NAMI Hunterdon officers or trustees are ineligible.
Deutscher Club in Clark, meanwhile, holds monthly biergartens, open to the public, from June through September. Fast-flowing beer, rollicking live music and a shady grove make for a true gemütlichkeit atmosphere. The club was formed in 1935 at Nick Grunwald’s Delicatessen in Rahway, later moving to Eagle’s Hall in Rahway and then its present location.
In May, Phoenix detectives approached Tempe Police Detective Tom Magazzeni when they learned about Tempe's cold case. They worked closely together and began to see similarities between Surette's and Jane Doe's murders.
Police were called to Adler's former home in Keansburg on Tuesday after a cleaning service discovered the remains. Dental records confirmed the remains were those of Kimberly Adler. It could take a few weeks to receive the results of an autopsy to determine the cause her death.
REOs: 8
An Art Romp will take place at 7 p.m. Oct. 14 at the Foundry Art Centre, 520 N. Main Center in St. Charles.
So back to the why. Halfway through the six weeks of pre-fight training now, my reasons have already changed. I'm letting Barbara worry about the show; I'm focusing on the training, which I go to most nights after I write my column out of the Naposki trial. There's a mental-physical game at play that is new, scary and exciting.
After about 15 minutes, Sweeney pulled the bill, saying he intended to bring it back up later.
“It’s exciting,” he said, “because I know there’s going to be a decision made, but I can only control a portion of that by the way I play. I can’t control the end decision.”
King said her brother, one of three high school students who died last week after a shooting at Chardon High School, tried to help and comfort others, from a young age. He was the guy who was always putting chains on his tires to pull out someone stuck in the mud, she said.
Faye was a star athlete at Long Beach Poly High, and she made a quick transition to Long Beach State, where she was third in the 400-meter hurdles at the NCAA track and field meet as a freshman.
“It’s going even better than I hoped,” event organizer Andrea Kowalski said. “It looks like everyone is having a great time.”
He has promised to keep the deficit in check by raising taxes on the wealthy and closing some corporate loopholes — but some investors say that will kill the very growth he hopes to foster.
Four local musicians are set to strip down their sound and bare their souls as part of an acoustic night set for Friday at the Vernors Room in Pontiac.
Column C: Percentage change in average teacher pay from FY 2009 to FY 2010
When we propose legislation, we have only foresight and cannot write perfect laws. One way or another, we'll err. The question we must ask as Americans is if we ought to err on the side of the individual or on the side of the government. I prefer to side with the individual over the groupthink of the government. If there is a will to harm or kill others, violent and crazy people will do so regardless of the law. When the government errs, you can end up with Pol Pots, Stalins and Hitlers. On the whole, I'd prefer our limited massacres to institutionalized mass killings, as despicable as they both are.
Liz
The archdiocese also requires its "personnel to report suspected child abuse in accordance with Oregon law." The report directs calls about past or present child abuse by church personnel to the Archdiocesan Office of Child Protection and Victim Assistance at 503-416-8810.
Bloody awesome
Questions included: Would she show up at all? How late would she be? Would she have an attitude? Would she perform her hits, and would they be recognizable?
I tore meat from chicken thighs originally cooked in a stew, chopped up carrots and onions, pulled out the rice that was lurking on the bottom shelf in a Chinese food container, and got out the big sauté pan.
Stephanie Brown Trafton is the reigning Olympic discus champion and owns the farthest throw in the world so far this year.
The ranks of such unfortunate homeowners will probably grow sharply during the next year as their payments continue amidst declining prices.
"The Fire Department has admitted that the numbers they gave us were not accurate. That's the concern," Zine told The Times. "We need to maintain public trust and confidence."
Computers using a new type of chip that integrates both electronics and optics could rival the human brain for speed of thought, U.S. experts say. (toptechnews.com)
Young and his contemporaries like Walter Johnson and Christy Mathewson would have seen nothing unusual in what Justin Verlander did at Kauffman Stadium Monday night.
HIGHLANDS — The American Littoral Society is getting a $1 million state grant to upgrade storm water basins near Barnegat Bay.
The case is U.S. v. Jones, 10-1259.
Still, job growth has slowed sharply in the past two months, while wages have lagged inflation. That has raised concerns that consumers might pull back on spending later this year.
Since then, the founder and medical director of the Sonoran Spine Center has added staff members better equipped to handle the business side while he focuses on patient care and research.
Students visited Global Fest during their class times. Teachers required the students to get stamps in booklets from each of the booths they visited to show they learned something about the country. And students had a lot to learn. Charles Barger, a senior, was amazed at how different the Korean map looked before it was politically divided into North Korea and South Korea. Other students learned about the devastation of malaria in Uganda and the consequences of genocide in Rwanda.
The company also blamed the general European slowdown and delays in China's hybrid bus program for lowering its revenue forecast.
Growing up in Las Vegas, I had my first gambling experience at a very young age, and the first lesson I learned was about "stop loss" vs. "stop win." The concept is simple and yet often tough to stick with. The general principle is to set a maximum amount that you can afford to lose for that session, but not to put a cap on the amount that you can win. During your positive gaming sessions, you want the sky to be the limit for your winning potential.
"He's quick, he's fast," Mayhew said of Bentley, the 10th cornerback drafted this year. "He really caught my eye at the Senior Bowl -- a very, very impressive Senior Bowl playing against top competition.
"No response," Wollman wrote in an e-mail to The Gazette on Thursday.
The silliest part of all of this is that most of these lawsuits and amendment fights wouldn't be an issue if Florida politicians just did what they are supposed to do in the first place.
6214 Tilden Av, $57,000
When Rinde Eckert’s “Moby-Dick”-themed “And God Created Great Whales” premiered in 2000, it racked up rave reviews and many awards, and went on to several revivals.
øThe finds raise at least two possibilities about how mesosaurs gave birth in their salty lagoons. The egg-like embryo suggests that they crawled on marsh land to lay their eggs shortly before they hatched. On the other hand, the seemingly pregnant mesosaur found in Brazil raises the possibility that the creatures may even have given birth to live young, which "hatched" from thin membranes encircling the eggs inside the females.
The warmest winter on record was 1889-1890 with a temperature of 43.1 degrees.
He had been a state rep before from 2001 through 2004 when he was elected to his wife Diane's former seat after voters placed her on the 11th District Court of Appeals.
Tellingly, on the drama side, the word retains more of its original sting. Maria Bello's detective on NBC's now-defunct "Prime Suspect" was on the receiving end, and though the word wound up tarring user more than recipient, it was still clearly meant as a vicious insult, for which there is no male counterpart.
"I took this position because I know that I'm ready," Bergevin said at a news conference Wednesday. "If I wasn't, I wouldn't be sitting here today."
Well Abe says, "Where do you want this killin' done?"
Fifth Third started cutting its dividend nearly two years ago. It used to be 44 cents a share; now, it's a penny. At the annual shareholder meeting this week, Kabat declined to discuss the dividend. Banks like Fifth Third must first worry about repaying their TARP loans.
Previous training on rescuing passengers consisted of watching videos, Williams said, but FACTS Training International, a company that trains pilots and flight attendants for emergencies, this year allowed the firefighters to use the simulators.
The Tribe will look to build off their win last night against the Mariners and make it five in a row on the road. First pitch is at 10:10 p.m. Get game updates on Twitter from Paul Hoynes @hoynsie or click here for a live game box score. You can also download our Cleveland Indians app for Android to get Tribe updates on your mobile device. Read on for a game preview.
“I am always trying to come up with different things just to get people engaged, and what is a better way than to highlight a local, independent business?” Anielski said. “This is really grassroots.”
And perhaps the most memorable big shot came on Nov. 6, 2008, when Roy went from hero to goat and back to hero in a thrilling 1.9 seconds that helped the Blazers defeat the Yao Ming-led Houston Rockets 101-99 in overtime at the Rose Garden.
41 DEBBIE DR $138,000
First, he learned after reading an apology that Adams e-mailed to supporters that Adams had asked Breedlove to lie for him. "I find that the most troubling aspect," Leonard said.
“A lot of pain,” he says, then winces.
"It was as close to the old movie 'Animal House' as you could get. I figured I wanted to do something different," says the head of Sotheby's, speaking at his office on New Bond Street in London.
For all of you adult <U+0097> and I mean adult <U+0097> gamers out there who are hungry for a mature story set within a fantastic world you can lose yourself in, <U+0093>The Witcher 2<U+0094> will satisfy.
Konz raced from his 2-yard line to the 18 and the threat was stopped.
3:30 — Woman describes Gore touching her using "the roving hand thing."
“She’s just a fantastic, coachable kid,” Jackson said. “I just loved that she had the never-say-die attitude. Just a tremendous player.”
In what looked like a wreck that would not only put a damper on his day but also on his chances to win the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series championship, Harvick t-boned Marcos Ambrose with 48 laps to go as Ambrose spun down in front of him after being turned by Bowyer.
Special military fire trucks unleashed jets of water on a damaged reactor at the quake-hit plant on Thursday, after police were earlier forced to withdraw their own water cannon from the scene due to high levels of radiation.
This time, the total came to $3,213.
The first time Jackson laid his eyes on Michael Brockers, the football coach at Houston's Chavez High School was not terribly impressed. Although the kid was fairly big for an eighth-grader, standing over 6-foot-2 and weighing more than 200 pounds, Brockers was a long, long way from the first-round NFL draft pick he would become.
363 North 20th Street, $125,000, 03-29-12,
According to him, this was no accident. "Joe's was mainly designed by Chester Dolphin, who was the primary designer of the Westlake home interiors.
The 3-year operating levy would help the 8,200-student district fill an expected $9.2 million shortfall next year, according to the district. At a rate of $1.09 per $1,000 assessed property value, the owner of a $165,000 home would pay about $180 a year under the measure.
THE HAGUE, Netherlands (AP) - Ratko Mladic was waking up in an isolation cell in The Hague Wednesday, less than a week after he was captured after 16 years on the run. The Bosnian Serb military commander now awaits trial on genocide charges over the killing of 8,000 Muslim men and boys in the worst massacre of civilians in Europe since World War II.
While it looked beautiful, the kitchen missed an opportunity to wow us because the cooks forgot the salt entirely, and the dish was disappointingly bland. Unfortunately, the restaurant doesn't provide salt and pepper at the table, and we weren't able to find a waiter until we were nearly finished. Another dish, the haddock ($30), also needed a hefty dose of salt, and the accompanying chorizo didn't sufficiently perk up the bed of underdone white beans in a fragrant broth.
Sometimes staying in the relationship proves too much of a struggle. Cut your losses. Say your goodbyes, teary as they may be. Be kind. Show compassion for what you both tried to create but in the end could not.
BIG PLAYER: Emirates is the world's largest airline in terms of international passenger traffic. It flies to more than 120 destinations in 73 countries.
The filing deadline for the commissioner seats is May 15.
When she retires, Melissa can expect a pension of $54,000 a year and Social Security benefits of $24,000 a year at her full retirement age.
In the meantime, Mass usually held at St. Mary's will be held at St. Joseph Church in nearby Meppen. St. Joseph is part of Blessed Trinity parish, which includes St. Mary's and St. Barbara in Batchtown.
Late registration will be from 4 p.m. to 7 p.m., Thursday, May 24 at French Creek YMCA, 2010 Recreation Lane. Tickets for the 5-mile and 5K are $25, and tickets for the 1-mile kids fun run are $15.
Falk issued a statement last week claiming Walker has failed the state on jobs. On Wednesday, a political advocacy group backing the former Dane County executive, Wisconsin for Falk, pushed out an ad accusing the governor of counting Wisconsin workers out. Falk told reporters during a visit to a Madison taxi company Wednesday that the recall has always been about jobs.
"We have to limit one of them," Martin said. "They can't go for 30 or 40. I think our concepts of paying attention to everyone else was great.
The Broncos are expected to be looking for their sixth defensive coordinator in six years beginning today.
In Like Crazy, the roller-coaster love story that opened the Philadelphia Film Festival and begins its theatrical run at the Ritz East on Friday, Felicity Jones is a young Brit studying at a Los Angeles college.
That would have been terribly unfair to the owners of existing office buildings and restaurants.
Although Diaz-Bridges had asked to call his mother just nine minutes before the confession, "it was not reasonable" for the officers to have interpreted the request as an invocation of the defendant’s right to remain silent, the appeals court ruled.
But Quinn said he is looking forward to welcoming Nippon Shayro railcar builders from Wisconsin to Illinois after Walker spurned federal matching dollars to build high-speed rail from Chicago to Milwaukee to Madison to Minneapolis. Illinois got that money and is using it to upgrade rail service to St. Louis.
"They got us tonight," Paul said after producing 16 points and eight assists. "This is just an ugly game. We're going to scratch this one and get ready for tomorrow. Forget this one. Get out of here."
Insider tip? RSVP at pulptheparty.com for free cover; otherwise it's $5. Know your Czar geography: First comes the tightly packed Cyberia Vodka Bar, then the bigger dance floor in the Bela-Rus Ballroom, then the Imperial Ballroom, which is used for concerts but often is roped off. (Of note: the Bela-Rus Ballroom has a dance pole. Just sayin'.)
You have to be smart out there and know exactly what you're doing. You can't let things get to you. If there's a bad call or if you make a poor decision, you can't let it bother you. You just have to move on and always be picking up your teammates.
Disgusted by Bynum's ongoing indifference and Gasol's complete disappearance (1-for-10 shooting, three rebounds) Thursday night, Bryant is blatantly trumpeting Artest's return from a six-game suspension. "He's the one guy that I can rely on, night in and night out," he told reporters, "to compete and play hard with a sense of urgency and play with no fear."
But both teams recently suffered their first loss of the season against a quality opponent.
But who knows about Helm's availability.
As one who was in Toronto during that terrible time — and then stranded there a full week — I’ll never forget the legitimate kindness of strangers, most of them Canadians. To this day, “Monsoon Wedding” remains one of my favorite movies of all time.
"There are not even words to describe what it felt like," she said. "I am very thankful to God that he allowed us to get out."
"I'm trying to find my spots where to shoot from," Young said. "I'm trying to figure out plays."
That's when the city plans to redo West Smith from the dual railroad crossings between Lake and State roads to just east of State. Another half-mile section -- from Lake Road to the dual tracks -- is scheduled for 2014 but may be merged with the 2012 project to minimize costs and lessen the period of orange barrel dodging.
Alarm bells went off in my brain when, 30 minutes into what I thought was an overnight party train from Paris to Nice, people around me started to snooze. I double-checked my ticket, then verified again with my seatmate.
However, Carruthers, who was elected to the board last April, said he does not believe it is a sound practice. Because taxes are not collected to make the bond payments, the district purchases short-term or "rollover" bonds to make payments on long-term debt. In December, the district issued $1.4 million in bonds issue to make payment on the 2004 bond issue. Carruthers said the $52,157 price tag for the rollover bond issue was too costly and he believes the district should start paying its bond debt off through property tax collection.
The first wave of automated calls ordering residents to evacuate was sent at 5:05 p.m. but they went to the wrong list of phone numbers, Techmeyer said.
Two more cases are pending that allege Kownacki sexually abused young boys who are now grown men. There is also a case pending that accuses Rev. Jerome Ratermann of abuse.
Fitch said O'Connor's and Caldwell's remarks were unexpected. His officers were tailing a suspicious vehicle, he said, and since they had no way to know where their surveillance would lead them they couldn't alert municipal authorities in advance.
With a 5-1 vote, the Scottsdale City Council cleared the way for Dallas-based JLB Partners to develop the nine-building complex on the 9.6-acre parcel near the southwestern corner of Scottsdale and Chaparral roads. Portales Corporate Center is to the east, Optima Camelview Village is to the south, and single-family residences are west and north of the site.
A ratio of over 6 to 1 was not uncommon throughout the teeth of the recession in 2009.
"I will but yo, tomorrow night, you down again?" Daley texted back.
Neither Mew nor Rook took questions at the news conference.
Executive producer Veena Sud and her team wrapped up that rookie season by not wrapping up anything. It looked like Sarah's quirky and likable partner, Stephen Holder (Joel Kinnaman), had faked the crucial evidence leading to the arrest of their prime suspect, mayoral candidate Darren Richmond (Billy Campbell). And it looked like Larsen family friend Belko Royce (Brendan Sexton III) was about to gun down Richmond.
My husband, a chemical engineer, insists that buying alkaline water is "a bunch of hooey." He also says organic food is a waste of money. What do you think?
10:12: Standing ovation for Adele. These are just the Adele Awards, after all. Gestures of appreciation/gratitude from McCartney, Rihanna. Smart to stick with "Rolling in the Deep" and not go into some medley thing.
"Bully" has been in the news a lot lately because it received a restrictive R rating (for a small amount of bad language) and then chose to go into theaters unrated. Its distributor, Weinstein Co., made that choice because the film's subject matter, the pervasiveness of school-related bullying and what can be done about it, would seem to cry out for a high school age and younger audience. And "Bully" has an emotional impact that must be viewed to be understood.
"We were able to save the house because we did a very aggressive attack right through the front door of the house," Reichling said.
Borough Councilwoman Jane Kobuta said, "He was a wonderful person."
12:00 p.m. - 2:20 p.m. Practice (Team Gold) St. Louis Mills
Support for the regional transportation tax referendum appears shaky among some key leaders in northern suburbs, with the Atlanta Beltline’s presence on the project generating much of their resistance.
But the least-represented minority onscreen is also the country’s biggest minority. And it’s a group that most Americans — if they’re lucky — will end up joining.
"He throws in the mid-90s, he's got a good breaking ball, he's throwing strikes and he's big."
Forty years ago, when gas prices were much lower and my metabolism was much higher, it was no big deal to hop in the car and head out for a box of late-night doughnuts on a whim. One of our favorite destinations was Mister Donut on Olive Street Road, a little glass box of a building that I still can't drive past without some longing. We also had Dynasty Donuts on Brentwood, The Donut Hole on Tesson Ferry, and a prototypical old German bakery at Gravois and Loughborough, whose name has totally escaped me. A friend of mine worked there for a while long ago, and we used to go in through the back door for leftover freebies. Their specialties included sugar-coated jelly donuts that weighed about three pounds apiece.
One of those who owes his life to Major Lee is Cliffford Meyer, of Citrus Heights, who was a Marine corporal trapped in Youdam Ne, North Korea.
Fulkerson Winery, Riesling/Traminette, Finger Lakes, 2009, Best of Class, 94 pts.
High's Brian Bement simply refused to be denied Thursday night.
Anderson Cooper labeled bullying of closeted gays “sickening.”
Notre Dame-Belmont Needs a temporary full-time head athletic trainer (August 1 — October 31, 2012). Interested candidates must submit a letter of intent and resume to: AD, Jason Levine at JLevine@ndhsb.org Subject line: Athletic Training
NV Vouette et Sorbée Saignée de Sorbée Champagne ($95): One of Champagne's most unusual rosés, this carries itself like a light red wine, its succulent red-fruit aromas feeling spicy, soil-driven and complex. (Importer: Domaine Select Wine Estates)
Luna said he was just waiting to cross the street, and the workers left.
Up in Canada
If it is ruled a suicide, she won't.
This fundraiser will benefit the Community Outreach Program, a partnership with the City Council and the Fire Department that brings together residents, businesses and advocacy groups for elderly persons with special needs and disadvantaged youths.
Per serving (based on 10): 366 calories, 5 grams protein, 44 grams carbohydrates, 27 grams sugar, 19 grams fat, 43 milligrams cholesterol, 172 milligrams sodium, 2 grams dietary fibers.
But you still have to bring it all together. And Mourinho's lesson is that a team that fully embraces a simpler message—whether it's tactical or basic "Us vs. Them" siege mentality fare—can outperform a group of players presented with something more sophisticated that they don't entirely absorb.
Wearing an orange jailhouse jumpsuit and with his hands cuffed, Steven Powell, 61, entered the pleas in court in Washington state, and the judge set bail at $200,000.
The cluster strategy is even giving hope to city officials who became concerned when the state dropped plans in February to move Northcoast Behavioral Healthcare from Sagamore Hills Township to a 14-acre site on Euclid Avenue. The city had spent $4.1 million, most of it city funds, preparing the site bounded by East 59th and 61st streets and Euclid and Chester avenues for the mental health hospital.
To reduce barriers to growth and investment, I’ve ordered a review of government regulations. When we find rules that put an unnecessary burden on businesses, we will fix them. But I will not hesitate to create or enforce commonsense safeguards to protect the American people. That’s what we’ve done in this country for more than a century. It’s why our food is safe to eat, our water is safe to drink, and our air is safe to breathe. It’s why we have speed limits and child labor laws. It’s why last year, we put in place consumer protections against hidden fees and penalties by credit card companies, and new rules to prevent another financial crisis. And it’s why we passed reform that finally prevents the health insurance industry from exploiting patients.
Fr. Popieluszko came to mind this week because researchers with Poland's Institute for National Remembrance (IPN) have discovered documents in the archives of the Communist-era government to support the theory that the KGB was involved in his death.
Marie Tasy of New Jersey Right to Life said she sees this latest bill as another way to underwrite abortions with taxpayer dollars — just as the largest abortion provider in the country will need money to expand its reach.
"Everyone was afraid for his life," said Parrakat.
After breakfast, Marie and Bruce agree to meet at a friend's dinner party.
Image transfer, he says, lets him give a photo a softer look and, at the same time, do something a little funky. That helps him set his photography apart from common digital photography. In the art scene, he adds, “people are interested in finding processes that are retro or are more complicated as a way to separate themselves.”
"If they're going to come and destroy it, I want what it's worth," he said.
While the return of Horford provided a much-needed boost, the lineup change was made in part to free Johnson on offense. Johnson took only eight shots and scored nine points in the Hawks’ embarrassing Game 4 loss that put them in a 3-1 hole in the best-of-seven series. The All-Star made no secret of his unhappiness with such a limited offensive role.
An Auburn transfer, Thompson played three seasons at South Carolina State. After manning the strong safety position for two years, he started all 11 games at free safety during his senior season, recording a career-high 66 tackles, recovering a fumble and intercepting two passes.
So even though David is no longer David, I think his kind and generous energy is still out there. And though I cannot apologize to the boy I so cruelly ignored, I can bring my own kind and generous energy into the world as a tribute to him.
He is not the first signatory contractor to suffer the consequence of ignoring the fine contractual print.
O'Mara claimed the family was not trying to be deceptive, but Florida Circuit Judge Kenneth Lester said he wanted to know more about the money. O'Mara doesn't think the judge will change Zimmerman's bond in light of the new information.
But it took little time to realize he faced long odds to become the Hawkeyes' signal caller and the transition to receiver came swiftly.
Feldman was not involved in the Cerda case and spoke about the syndrome in general.
"Dick was always there for me and Motown, even before there was a Motown," said Motown founder Berry Gordy. "He was an entrepreneur, a visionary and a major force in changing pop culture and ultimately influencing integration."
Named as defendants in the HMSHost lawsuit were the Maryland Transportation Authority; the state Board of Public Works; Areas USA; and Maryland Energy Centers LLC.
$3,200,000, Navy AIT Logistics Modernization Initiative -- Brown
Experts available for chicken-sitting
At the end, I remember a tear rolling slowly across his cheek. His eyes opened wide. I bent forward and whispered, "I love you." He slowly reached for my hand just as he had done years ago on that ride home from Little League tryouts. And at that instant, we both experienced the pain and madness of love. Then he was gone.
After a few days here, you realize that everything hides in the Amazon. Either it wants to hide to catch something or it wants to hide so it doesn't get caught.
7:30 NBA playoffs: Oklahoma City at Dallas, Game 4.
City Council Member Cam Gordon said he supports the goal of restructuring Target Center's debt, but opposes a citywide sales tax to fund it.
As to the question of whether U.S. prices will reach $5 a gallon, as some analysts have predicted, the Energy Department says maybe: Based on current prices of gasoline futures contracts, there’s a 2% chance that the average U.S. gasoline price will hit $5 a gallon for all of June. The agency put the probability of getting $4 gas in June at 39%.
Before the event, the county GOP sent emails to supporters about a group of conservative Ohio leaders who are urging Mandel to run for the Senate. And without objections from Mandel, Cuyahoga County Party Chairman Rob Frost regularly disseminates articles that discuss Mandel as a potential candidate.
An average of 114 million viewers watched the halftime show that featured Madonna, the most for a championship halftime show that featured entertainment, which dates back to 1991. More than four million fewer people watched the Black Eyed Peas at halftime a year ago.
Rookie minicamp is Friday through Sunday.
National Coffee Association
At the heart of these three efforts is a sense of family; or better yet, a sense of place. In "Where I Was From," that place is physical, whereas in the later books it becomes psychological; still, for all intents and purposes, the perspective is the same. "The books are similar in that they ask more questions than they answer," Didion says. And yet, with each, she has zeroed in more tightly, moving from a subjective portrait of California to her husband and now to her child.
MetroHealth Chief Executive Mark Moran and other executives at the system have said the Mercer report validates those contracts written in lieu of severance.
"But errors happen - as much as I would not like to make them."
Playwright Frank Higgins was inspired by the real-life relationship between legendary singer/guitarist Huddie William Ledbetter, (better known as Lead Belly) and Harvard folk musicologist John Lomax, who helped petition for Ledbetter's release from prison, and later became his manager. Lomax figured, rightly, that African Americans in prison were more likely to be unaffected by popular music of the time, thus retaining early musical influences. Higgins' idea to make the characters female actually works better on various levels. Susannah has her own battles to fight in a world dominated by white males, while Pearl's unending battles in that same world are larger and more clearly defined.
Plants and Animals: 7 p.m. The Pike Room, 1 S. Saginaw, Pontiac. 248-858-9333. $10, $12.
NUTTI ESPRESSO
"They're looking for a trained and experienced workforce that they can draw upon for their ... needs," he said.
For the previous 23 years, he had served as first president of the Pontifical Council for Social Communications, with particular responsibility for explaining church teachings to the media.
The Blues had been undefeated in regulation when leading after two periods, but they let this one get away. The Note led 2-0, but Nick Lidstrom's goal with 1:03 remaining in the second, trimming the margin to 2-1, spelled trouble.
Gallup's initial tracking poll found that an equal number of Republicans and Democrats -- 90% -- say they support their nominee. Independents broke 45% for Romney to 39% for Obama. He also won, 46% to 39%, among independents in the Quinnipiac poll. But CNN had independents favoring Obama, 48% to 43%.
In order to sign with the A's, Inge needed to clear today's 2 p.m. waiver deadline, which appears to have happened.
Concrete For Less, concrete, 22744 Coronado Somerset Drive, Sorrento, 32776.
"In 2005 things looked bright, but after 2006 suicide bombers came back," says Omar. "People thought the Americans and NATO would stop this, but things got worse and people lost hope."
The Goodyear Ballpark, which welcomed a second team -- the Cincinnati Reds -- to its facilities in 2010, is the Cactus League spring training hub to host two teams from the same state. The Cleveland Indians began playing at $108 million facility 20 miles west of Phoenix near Estrella Parkway and Interstate 10 during its inaugural season in 2009. -- The Arizona Republic ________________________________________________________________________
10. Russell Wilson, Wisconsin, 5-10, 204: His height is a problem, but Wilson could be a package QB because of his speed and elusiveness. He is not a dropback quarterback and his decision-making has been inconsistent. He is a gamer and a playmaker who intrigues coaches. As a former minor league infielder for the Rockies, he has excellent intangibles.
Earlier this month, when GM released its national February sales figures, some analysts criticized the company for offering big rebates and cut-rate leases to win back customers, practices that can hurt profits and lower the resale values of cars. GM responded that it is carefully targeting customers with incentives and that it is not over-producing vehicles as it did through much of the past 20 years.
¾ cup (1½ sticks) unsalted butter, softened
The shooting has both saddened and angered many Gilbert officers, said Jim Frazier, a volunteer chaplain for Gilbert.
William J. Bratton is the police chief of Los Angeles.
Estimating with any precision what you will want 30 or 40 years from now is almost impossible. You don't know your future desires, because you don't know your future self. What will you want or need when you are 65 or 70 or 80 or older? Who knows?
City neighborhoods
The center, with its makeshift home in the Jury Assembly Room of the Hall of Justice in Redwood City, is "suboptimal," the grand jury noted, chiefly because of its poor cellphone reception. The grand jury recommended taking steps to establish a new facility within 180 days.
ASU will have a new standard in 2012, and Graham confirmed there will be no dancing allowed. No matter what you think of the new regime, that will be a welcome change.
You start with a climb to the old guardhouse for its commanding view — the postcard panorama, now deepened to three dimensions. You enter the citadel through the stone main gate, pass the western crop terraces, and look down, down, down to the rushing Urubamba River as it wraps around the mountain's base.
Officers could also forgo impounding if a licensed driver were immediately available and had the permission of the registered owner to drive the vehicle away.
Arizona jumped out to an early lead when Johnson deposited a ball over the center field wall in the first inning.
"Many of these individuals arrested are students, who will now have to face the task of looking for a job after graduation with a criminal record," Schaefer said. "Perhaps we could look for a compromise given the excitement of the moment this event generated."
When the chance to interview Mackenzie — who at the age of 27 was aboard the Titanic when it sank in 1912 — presented itself, McCoy grabbed the opportunity.
Detroit Police Chief Ralph Godbee Jr. promised those attending the service that police will find the person responsible for Delric's death.
That's because he lacks the physical stature of his brother, who is 6-3, 255.
The defense must also prove that the provocation “impassioned” the defendant; that the defendant did not have time to “cool off” and that the defendant did not “cool off,” Manahan said.
RE: You guys don't, don't, don't do that. That's not accurate. All the resources and I even put it into the legislation. All the resources will go — are dedicated toward increasing public safety for children near schools and parks. And I want to do something else. I made it very narrow, very specific to schools and parks and I made it very specific that the resources, if and when they come, will go back into achieving the same goal that they were set up to do which is the safety of our children.
on Thursday for the public unveiling of the project.
ST. LOUIS -- Skip Schumaker returns to the leadoff spot and shortstop Brendan Ryan gets an encore start Sunday as the St. Louis Cardinals face the LA Angels in the rubber game of their interleague series.
The Department of Education currently is investigating a number of colleges for how they have handled sex offense reports, including Yale University, Ohio State University and Notre Dame. The department began looking into the pre-eminent Catholic university in November following a Tribune story about a student who killed herself shortly after telling campus police that a male student there sexually attacked her.
Recipe provided by Dolores Stumpf of Imperial.
Oh, and there’s one more problem: The prison is in space. Time to get that shuttle out of mothballs — and break Snow into the penitentiary, so he can help the First Daughter break out.
"What's this thing I keep seeing everywhere?"
"There's just the fun of getting to them on winding mountain roads, with beautiful redwoods and ocean views along the way," she said. "And you usually get to meet the winemakers face to face who will talk about how they make their wines."
The base model of the iPhone 4S costs $200 with a two-year contract. It has a faster processor and an improved camera compared to last year's model.
From 2009-2011, I served as the PTA president. This opportunity was both rewarding and challenging. It did afford me the opportunity to utilize my professional experience in nonprofit management and organization. Currently, I serve as the head room parent coordinator on the PTA Executive Board. I oversee the classroom volunteers at every grade level.
SACRAMENTO A bill that would allow the governor to attend closed-door meetings with city councils, boards of supervisors and other local elected bodies passed unanimously in the Assembly on Thursday.
Last week, more than 140 health groups called on the U.N. to set guidelines to manage potential conflicts of interest in their dealings with the food and beverage industry. “Without such safeguards, policies and recommendations will invariably be weakened to suit the interests of powerful corporations,” the coalition said in a letter to the medical journal, Lancet.
More specifically, head for the Monastery of the Angels (1977 Carmen Ave., a mile from the Hollywood sign), where 17 cloistered nuns spend their days praying, eating, sleeping and making desserts. Hand $10 to the gift-shop volunteer for a hefty loaf of pumpkin bread — a fine souvenir, if it lasts that long. Then head two blocks east to Beachwood Drive, turn north toward the famous sign and keep going even after the road dwindles to dirt. There you'll find Sunset Ranch (3400 Beachwood Drive), where horses can be rented for guided rides (ages 8 and older). For $30 you get an hour. Start about 4 p.m. on a clear winter day and you'll get a different angle of the Hollywood sign, but better still, a Technicolor panorama with setting sun, a distant sliver of the Pacific, city lights at your feet and a whiff of horse manure to keep it real. The ranch is also the starting point for the Hollyridge Trail hike, which takes you near the fenced-off Hollywood sign, or you can explore the half-dozen public staircases threaded among the hillside homes. (Plot your route at http://www.beachwoodcanyon.org/Stairs.htm or buy Charles Fleming's 2010 paperback "Secret Stairs: A Walking Guide to the Historic Staircases of Los Angeles." And in the interest of full disclosure: Fleming is an L.A. Times editor.) When you're done, you'll want a thick slice of that pumpkin bread and maybe a nap in your room at the handy Best Western Plus Hollywood Hills Hotel (6141 Franklin Ave.). The hotel is a mid-range, retro-mod affair with signed glossies of Ray Charles and Marty Feldman on the lobby wall; the movie "Swingers" was written in the lobby-adjacent 101 Coffee Shop.
10. Chicago (12) - Lightning strikes delays game against Houston for a total of 70 minutes before contest stopped in 65th minute. Game finished in 1-1 draw.
Per serving: 257 calories (30 percent from fat), 9 grams total fat (1 gram saturated), 59 milligrams cholesterol, 19 grams carbohydrates, 28 grams protein, 357 milligrams sodium, 5 grams dietary fiber.
There was also good news out of Europe, even if it wasn't enough to move the market.
"Losing one game doesn't take away from winning 11 in a row. It's one game. We go to Denver and try to win another game."
This particular session draws eight teenage men in green sweatshirts, khaki pants and sandals, jailhouse issue. Jacqua says he knows five of their fathers, whom he may have met in these same circumstances, as if nothing were learned generation to generation. It could be frustrating if Jacqua were the type to measure and quantify his success. But he isn't.
Coach Gary Kubiak was so unconcerned about the little picture that he elected to go for a game-winning two-point conversion with 14 seconds remaining instead of a tying extra point and almost certain overtime.
All of which helps explain why Hale specializes in the seemingly cryptic world of search-engine marketing.
<U+0093>I am also surprised that Ron Paul, an Air Force Officer and congressman of many years, or his advisers, who told me they too served in the military, would not have explained to me that wearing my uniform was in violation of regulation,<U+0094> Thorsen said in a sworn statement.
"She said, 'You have 10 minutes. We have five specials. Every class needs a lunch. I need a schedule.' "
After those charges, funds from operations were 17 cents per share, compared with a loss of 14 cents per share during the fourth quarter of 2010.
Willis, the attorney, said English's heirs retain the land and will gain money from the judgment, but can't develop the property in the way she wanted.
These wins are necessary through the course of a playoff campaign. They become more imperative this season, what with the rejiggered playoff system placing a new emphasis on winning the division. And for this one, the Yankees can thank the likes of Raul Ibanez, Cory Wade, David Phelps and Clay Rapada.
"The changing atmosphere at the Capitol has helped expedite my decision," Rukavina said in a letter announcing his retirement. "I recall a kinder and gentler time here when even the most conservative members of our body still believed government could do good things for our people. But times have changed, and I haven't, so it's time for a new direction."
The fee would go into effect next year, when drivers would be asked to pay $10 for a two-year vehicle registration.
Indians (14-11) -- 1. Johnny Damon lf; 2. Jason Kipnis 2b; 3. Asdrubal Cabrera ss; 4. Travis Hafner dh; 5. Carlos Santana c; 6. Shin-Soo Choo rf; 7. Michael Brantley cf; 8. Casey Kotchman 1b; 9. Jack Hannahan 3b; and Ubaldo Jimenez rhp.
Tuesday Faust's fun <U+0093>Arrivederci Roma!<U+0094> recreated the playful intimacy of a sleeping couple, with chaotic segments of jarring electronic jangling. Ann Shaughnessy's solo set to the Celtic song <U+0093>Bí Ann<U+0094> was a wide-striding work that filled the stage, coupled with subtle sign-language gestures.
"Don Normark: A Retrospective," which continues through June 10, includes selections from his most famous bodies of work, including documentation of the Mexican American community of Chavez Ravine in the 1940s before it became the site of Dodger Stadium.
Ambrose won his only Sprint Cup race last year on the road course at Watkins Glen, and he finished 19th in the final standings. Ambrose hadn't finished better than 13th in his first six starts of 2012, and pressure was starting to build on the team.
Mink suffered the injury while running the 1,600 at the SWC meet.
Several of the largest Chicago-based companies, including Kraft, McDonalds, Boeing and Deere &Co., reported that there were no meetings scheduled last week with Christie.
Cecil Cody, a dreadlocked and bespectacled drummer attending the show, said that the origins of African-American music -- the drums of the former home of the slaves -- are the underpinnings of gospel music itself.
This year, the Veterans For Peace national organization didn't give the BBB any requested information.
The Wall Street Journal Reports welcomes your comments -- by mail, fax or e-mail. Letters should be addressed to Lawrence Rout, The Wall Street Journal, 4300 Rt. 1 North, South Brunswick, N.J. 08852. The fax number 609-520-7767. The e-mail address is reports@wsj.com. Feedback specifically related to online reports may be e-mailed to feedback@wsj.com.
"Both of my parents used to tell me that the purpose of life is to serve others," Kendrick Melrose said. "My dad's way of serving was in the military. My mother's way of serving was in Orlando."
But somehow Proctor knew, "I had some sort of future there. I knew that was the direction I was going at some point in my life."
Lakers 93, Nuggets 89
It’s been apparent that Kovalchuk is dealing with an injury, most likely a leg muscle, but his inability to make any impact in Game 1 of the Eastern Conference semifinals with the Philadelphia Flyers suggested it may be getting worse.
Before Monday's game, the Grizzlies had played seven straight playoff-bound teams, and although they went 3-4, they got solid wins over the Spurs, Mavericks and Thunder.
Buyers can be as picky about bathrooms as they are about kitchens.
"Housing has been a black hole that drove all the life out of the economy," Hoffman said.
Also unclear yesterday was why police were treating the altercation as an Internal Affairs investigation.
FRANKLIN TOWNSHIP (Somerset County) -- More than 300 teachers, parents and residents crowded Franklin Township council’s chambers and urged the governing body not to cut the school budget that was defeated by 24 votes last month.
He said no meeting ever was called to order and that none of the other four commissioners who attended discussed city business.
-- The Associated Press.
And Thursday night, the celebrity gossip website TMZ reported that the Houston family has reached out to Bobby Brown, Whitney’s ex-husband, and have formally invited him to attend the service.
“When you get here as a player, you’re expected to do it right then and there are no excuses,’’ he said. “That can be hard on a player.’’
A balanced national transportation system requires high-speed rail lines that connect the nation's major cities. With gas prices soaring, people are driving less and looking for less stressful alternatives to congested freeways and airports. The federal government must continue to help metropolitan areas build and maintain transit systems -- including trains -- that reduce congestion, get people to jobs, improve air quality and conserve energy.
Spokespeople for the Obama campaign and the Democratic National Committee said they did not plan to highlight the clinching night.
The river is expected to crest at 22.3 inches, according to Manna, and could cause knee-high flood waters in low-lying sections of Fairfield.
Unless you plan to pay off an existing mortgage, chances are you don't need a big pot of money sitting around, says Link. "They're vulnerable to all kinds of fraud and scams," he says. Link thinks you're better off borrowing as you need it through an adjustable-rate loan, and preserving equity in your home.
televised this season are to be produced in high definition. FSM has 75 of the games, national networks the others. Meanwhile, a contract dispute continues to keep FSM off Dish Network. FSM has the Blues and MU football this weekend, which Dish customers figure to miss unless a settlement is reached beforehand.
Leon Lazarus, a jeweler and an optometrist, accepted cash and stock for his portion of a claim for fire-gutted Union Optical on Kearny Street near Post Street. He rebuilt the business, which he ran with his brother, Alfred, a watchmaker. It was in the family until 1988.
Mayra Garcia
Three of Nashville's best chances rang iron in the second period. Shea Weber's slapshot from the point hit the post before Smith stopped Kostitsyn on a rebound chance.
“These new schools aren’t just abstractions in a debate,” he said. “They offer hope to the lives of real people, to our kids. ... New Jersey’s students out-perform the rest of the nation in reading, writing, and math. They graduate and attend college at rates that exceed those of nearly every other state in the nation.”
Cameron, who has been vocally critical of the post-conversion of conventionally filmed movies to 3-D, has obviously taken great pains in using stereoscopic technology to enhance the experience of watching his swooningly romantic and dazzling Best Picture of 1997.
For fans of the Smiths: I'm starting to see more and more local tribute acts pop up, and among that crop is the S miths United.
Kurtz says he enjoys collecting sports cars as a hobby. He’s spent time in the same circles as Driving Force Club members. Members have also attended a charity car show he hosts every year.
A Shell subsidiary has applied to drill up to three exploratory wells in the Chukchi during the open water season this year and additional exploratory wells in 2013. The company hopes to use a second drill for exploratory wells in the Beaufort Sea off Alaska's north coast, and awaits a decision on the appeal of its air permit.
A $1,500 grant from the Longmont Council for the Arts' artist-in-residence program provides the artists' stipends and covers supplies. The council's executive director Joanne Kirves said the program supports avenues for students to work with an artist, outside their art teacher.
December has been a rewarding month for Hogg, who was named the GLVC player of the week after he made a last-second shot to send Southern Indiana to a 71-69 victory Dec. 3 over Wisconsin-Parkside.
Eckhard, however, said it was unclear if that car was connected to the holdup or just happened to be leaving at the same time.
Like Holden, Salinger was an indifferent student with a history of trouble in various schools. He was sent to Valley Forge Military Academy at age 15, where he wrote at night by flashlight beneath the covers and eventually earned his only diploma. In 1940, he published his first fiction, "The Young Folks," in Story magazine.
Both players could end up on injured reserve for the season, depending on how their injuries progress over the next few days or week. The Browns must trim their roster from 90 to 80 on Tuesday and to 53 on Sept. 3.
11/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, plus more for garnish
KCUR's Sylvia Maria Gross, who was also on the show, made an observation off the air that I think reflects the thoughts of many: <U+0093>It's a story that everyone says they're tired of hearing about, and then everyone goes on to talk about it for 30 minutes.<U+0094>
Sheri Patterson was at home in Newport, reading news on her iPhone when she came upon the newspaper's weather page.
When set against the backdrop of Mencken's life, the diary did record a troublesome time for the noted writer.
Golin admired the chicken shish kebab for the “crunchy bits of garlic in the creamy yogurt sauce” on which it sat. Heleniak couldn’t get enough of her Uludag orange soda, “which tasted like — wait for it — oranges … versus that cloyingly sweet orange soda available (elsewhere).”
On TV: 8 a.m. Sunday, Speed Channel.
The 30-year-old Stieglitz improved to 42-2 (23 KOs) while Hamdan dropped to 43-10-1 (18 KOs).
The district would use money from the bond issue to build a three-story addition of 106,350 square feet at the north end of the high school for space for science laboratories, fine arts and general classrooms. The bonds also would pay for infrastructure improvements at the high school, officials have said.
One of my favorite things to do on a weekend morning, especially at this time of year, is to take my sons shopping at the farmers' market for fresh greens and other springtime vegetables to include in our salads. With good health in mind, for both my family and the planet, I always try to buy organic salad ingredients grown without use of chemical pesticides or artificial fertilizers.
Once the babies are born, the mothers fatten them up on milk and get them ready for the return to Alaska waters.
A "better psychic time" -- that seems to be the case for Solomon Kane, a fantastic Howard character. He finally has a movie coming, directed by Michael J. Bassett (just interviewed at Comic Con). When I heard about that, I thought, "It's about time." Why do you feel "it's about time" for Elric?
So for Cherundolo, getting back his starting job by playing in the CONCACAF Gold Cup is as big as playing Spain or Brazil last week would have been. Right?
4461 Cayuga Dr, $140,000
Richard Aregood, retired editorial page editor of The Star-Ledger, is a professor
U.S. patents supporting Lipitor, the world's best-selling drug, expired Nov. 30, and Watson makes the authorized generic version. Other drug companies are expected to start selling their own versions in June.
"Last year everything was new, but I'm still working to learn," Pruitt said. "I'm still getting the hang of things like the timing and the passing. I'm not perfect, but I'm trying.
Because he watched it live, Gary Barner has never felt the need to watch a replay of the hit. Wilhelmenia says she would get sick if she saw it. In fact, in the Barner house, the hit is not discussed. What's the point, Wilhelmenia says, of reliving something so scary?
For the moment, Ohio is reverting back to a 10-year claw-back rule for recovering overpayments, which was commonplace in Ohio until December 2010 when it was changed under outgoing Democratic Gov. Ted Strickland.
"It's nice — a whole lot better than Terminal 3. The layout makes it easier. They put some thought into this," said Michael Loust of San Clemente, who was headed to Mexico for a fishing trip.
“Unfortunately, it’s always a very small number of people who create the problems in any community, but I’m certain that the majority of citizens coming together can solve any problem, especially those created by a small few,” Kelly said.
Funding for the operations, maintenance and upkeep of its bridges and related transportation facilities is solely derived from revenues collected at its toll bridges. The Commission’s jurisdiction extends along the Delaware River from the Philadelphia-Bucks County line north to the New Jersey/New York border.
Police Chief Joseph Zikuski told NBC's "Today" that people "degraded and disrespected" the gunman over his poor English.
Community centers have sprung up across North Jersey in recent years, from the $1.8 million Cresskill gymnasium to the $12 million recreation center in Secaucus.
And some scholars say New Jersey truly does have lots of places dominated by Democrats or ruled by Republicans. Hudson County, for example, has long been a Democratic stronghold, while Republicans are traditionally in charge in Sussex.
— Weapons, including a .22 caliber pearl handle revolver were stolen Dec. 21 during a burglary of a Morton Avenue residence.
Waylon Lewis:
Resentment toward Senate Bill 5 was on display throughout the day as more than 3,000 protested in the rotunda and outside the Statehouse. Public workers and their supporters have called the bill an attack on the middle class.
“I just don’t understand why his life was cut short,” Carol Kerns said Friday afternoon as she remembered her late son.
The Amish and farm influence is real. We make a lot of cheese and dairy products, he said. We also tend to produce processed cuisine, foods cooked and preserved, like Smucker's jams and Stouffers frozen foods.
"I always thought that was just Jenny; I didn't realize it could be a part of a diagnosis," Linda Cron said.
(05-03) 12:29 PDT Cheyenne, Wyo. (AP) --
LeBron James isn't going to walk out on us. That's because we don't have an NBA team. Not anymore, anyway. We didn't just lose one guy. Our whole team walked. But that was so long ago, nobody remembers.
Brandon Beachy gave up only two runs in seven innings to outlast Phillies starter Cole Hamels. Then the Phillies broke a 2-2 tie with two runs against Venters (2-1), the left-hander who usually sets up closer Craig Kimbrel.
Paint walls navy in entry spaces, dining rooms or libraries with a high-gloss finish and keep the trim light, Feldman says. She also says the color looks great on kitchen cabinets. Some of her favorite paints are Hale Navy, Midnight Navy, Admiral Blue and Starry Night Blue by Benjamin Moore; and Drawing Room Blue and Hague Blue by Farrow & Ball.
35 LAURA HILL RD $103,551
His brother, Chris, plays for the Indianapolis Colts and has a home right down the street from Lucas Oil Stadium, site of Sunday’s Super Bowl XLVI. That gave Gronkowski a chance to get away from the constant speculation about his status for the big game.
Twitter spokesman Matt Graves confirmed the investment but was unable to provide further details.
The Bennett High School siblings each qualified in Class 3A, marking what is believed to be the first time a brother-sister tandem has qualified in the same season.
PNC Musical Rainbow Series These 30-minute educational concerts are intended for children ages 3 to 6 and feature narration, instrument demonstrations and audience participation. Subscriptions, $25. Individual tickets, $7.
And he will decide how to standardize all those disparate pieces.
Beverly K. Goulet, AMR's chief restructuring officer, said Friday's agreement to work with the bankruptcy creditors committee on potential merger scenarios represented no change in AMR's belief that its fate will be decided by company management, directors and creditors. She said the agreement "does not in any way suggest that a transaction of any kind or with any particular party will be pursued."
Whether it was questionable replay reviews, missed calls, deflected passes or sun in the eyes of their receivers, there have been some breaks and close plays that didn’t go in the Giants’ favor for the past few months.
On May 11, 2008 -- Mother's Day -- the foster mother discovered Astrid unconscious in bed. No one had checked on the baby for several hours. The foster parents unsuccessfully tried to revive her. A hospital doctor who examined Astrid after death reported her body temperature was 103 degrees, a sign of serious infection.
Members also are working on a 20-minute video on stereotypes like racism, income and cliques. A live showing is planned before it goes on social networks.
The presumptive Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney will make his first return appearance in Michigan since winning the state's primary in February, his campaign announced Sunday.
It's become so troubling, it's spawned the Small Plate Movement, a push to get people to return to the 10-inch plate.
Dan Weaver, director of the center, shot the blame back to the auditor, explaining the center just processed the contract for the auditor's office.
It wasn't a bad day for Granderson, who in the first inning hit a homer in the first inning, his third of the season. Granderson's shot followed Derek Jeter's leadoff homer. It was the first time the Yankees led off a game with homers since Sept. 23, 2005 against the Blue Jays, when Jeter and Robinson Cano pulled off the feat.
Lugar's incumbency and establishment backing gives him a lopsided fundraising advantage. To date, Lugar has spent $5.4 million of his own funds to Mourdock's $1.7 million. But in the first quarter of the year, Mourdock slightly outpaced Lugar in campaign donations, according to financial disclosure forms. Most of Mourdock's individual contributions, and about half of Lugar's, came from contributors outside Indiana.
Arbitron divides the year into 13 four-week ratings periods, one for each month plus a year-end holiday segment. Previously, KFI finished first in August and September 2009, and again in October and November 2011. For the last three years, soft-rock station KOST-FM (103.5) has won the December and holiday periods by switching to Christmas music, and this year it tied with KFI for first in January.
Sea Bright
King Street, 4:50 p.m. Monday A residential burglary was reported.
PG-13, for some sexual content and brief strong language. 90 minutes.
West coach Paul James, who expected the meet to draw a bigger crowd, called his spring's team one of the best he's ever had.
"We've been seeing a number of employers raising the 'help me' flag," said Amy Cell, the MEDC's senior vice president of talent enhancement.
Our next story is an update on one we shared Thursday. Turns out that a Medford grand jury took less than three minutes to to indict Bourne Huddleston, a former Marine on Measure 11 murder charges in the death of his wife, Kristy Huddleston. The Medford News Tribune reports:
Chicken Festival
7437 Dalgren Dr, $140,000
But they should not be in the fight alone.
Biden said the debate around these issues will decide the next two elections and translate into "things as simple as bumper stickers and as profound as the future of the country."
The guard pact follows one that the New York Hotel Trades Council, part of the AFL-CIO, hammered out in February for 21,000 hotel housekeepers, dishwashers and waiters. The 7-year deal calls for 3.7 percent annual raises; these workers will get benefits improvements, too. By the end of the contract, housekeepers will earn $33 an hour, or nearly $69,000 a year.
PERHAPS THE most regrettable move of the 2006 election is the hijacking of the "clean money" movement in California.
On Saturday of this week, my youngest daughter will be a bride.
Much has changed in El Salvador since Peter "P.T." Townend, surfing's first world champion, traveled here 30 years ago for the film "Big Wednesday," which featured the big iconic rock in El Tunco for the first minutes of the film.
Weir “took care of her daughter and her grandchildren and made sure there was a roof over their heads. The family is originally from Bordentown and that’s where I grew up. I grew up with them,” Ciarrocca said.
For the past two years, the system has chipped away at the amount of money that principals have flexibility to spend as they see fit, a trend that school officials hope to reverse in 2013.
For the third time in the past four years, Wildwood — the south Jersey resort town where the beaches are free and gigantic — has been named the state's best beach.
Super fast trains AVE (standing for Alta Velocidad Espanola, or Spanish High Speed) go up to 186 mph and whisk travelers city to city in record time. Not only are the trains fast, they are easy to use and luxuriously comfortable. Nonstop trains travel the 386 miles between Madrid and Barcelona in 2 hours, 38 minutes. Madrid to Valencia takes only 1 hour, 35 minutes.
Conservatives will no doubt see the interlock research as another example of liberal interventionism, a government initiative to impose extra costs on consumers to protect them from themselves. But that's pretty much the way they felt about Ralph Nader's pioneering investigations of automotive safety in the mid-1960s, which led to the creation of the NHTSA and such standard features as seatbelts -- and that worked out OK. Thanks largely to Nader, today's cars are loaded with safety features designed to protect us from our own bad driving. If sensors can thwart drunk drivers in an unobtrusive way, they could save thousands of lives. And if the research shows that they fail at an unacceptable rate, or they catch too many drivers who aren't legally drunk, they're unlikely to attract the political support needed for approval. The restaurant industry is trying to quash the program before these questions are answered; I'd rather wait until the data are in to decide whether or not to reject the interlock concept.
Was this woman Mother Teresa in a past life?
"It's always a good trip if you go .500, but I'm a little disappointed myself, because we had a chance to make it an amazing trip," LaMarcus Aldridge said. "You go and beat (Orlando and Miami) and set ourselves up for a really, really good trip with some momentum coming home ... and we just let it fall flat."
Vancouver
After the Soviet withdrawal from Afghanistan in 1989, bin Laden returned to Saudi Arabia a hero, working briefly in the family business. A sought-after speaker, he also released a quarter-million cassette tapes that outlined a new enemy in his sights. "When we buy American goods," he said in one tape, "we are accomplices in the murder of Palestinians. ... The United States uses that money to send a billion (dollars) a year to Israel."
The ones we talked to do it for free, but all said the payback is great.
One suspect is described as a Hispanic man, heavy set, wearing a long sleeve light blue shirt with long dark pants, police said. The other suspect is described as a Hispanic man, small frame, skinny with dark skin. Both men spoke only Spanish, police said.
His style is different - he learned macrobiotic cooking in Japan - and he uses his varied background to surprise and seduce diners. He turns beets into bonbons covered with goat cheese; he dries artichokes and makes them into chips; he places bits of sashimi in a tiny spoon to give diners an explosive start to their meal.
A message posted Tuesday on the 71-year-old musician's website by his family says "Levon is in the final stages of his battle with cancer."
'Faces of Ghana' A photography exhibit by Jay L. Baker is on view through June 2 at the Banneker-Douglass Museum, 84 Franklin St. in Annapolis. Exhibit hours are 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Tuesdays-Saturdays. Closed Sundays-Mondays. Information: 410-216-6180 or bdmuseum.com.
Gartner analyst Michael Gartenberg noted that larger companies like Google, Apple and Microsoft could afford to wait until a larger audience of mainstream users embraced such services.
Mayoral control of the schools? Gone, and who the hell knows what happens after that.
1 cup sugar
Both companies say they have started transferring those documents from the Law Offices of David Stern to other firms.
NEW YORK -- Award-winning film editor and Portland native Karen Schmeer, who worked on many of Errol Morris' documentaries, including "The Fog of War," was struck and killed by a getaway car speeding from a Manhattan drugstore robbery, police and her mother said Saturday.
The Blazers targeted that date because it comes after a five-day layoff between games, which would allow time for Przybilla to practice and be incorporated into the game plan.
The $3 billion-plus CRC, which intends to rebuild 5.5 miles of Interstate 5 between North Portland and Vancouver, has drawn intense scrutiny for its price tag and concerns it won't solve the chronic traffic congestion.
Hope your detectors work
He is being held without bail.
Freeholder Ann Grossi, elected in 2010 on a pledge to keep spending as low as possible, hailed the program as a way to “alleviate the suffering that a lot of communities feel.”
The prose here is richly descriptive and eminently readable, strong enough to evoke comparisons to the writing of Bernd Heinrich and Scott Weidensaul. Zickefoose can make the mundane fascinating, and her paintings, illustrations and annotated sketches capture the personalities of her feathery subjects.
Hours: 11:30 a.m.-1 a.m. Monday and Tuesday, 11:30 a.m.- 3 a.m. Wednesday and Thursday, 11:30 a.m.-4 a.m. Friday, 9 a.m.-4 a.m. Saturday, 9 a.m.-1 a.m. Sunday
Jonathan Ericsson's play has been relevant to the Red Wings' recently improved penalty kill.
688 NAPA LANE $212,500
I am not sure if an apology would have made any difference.
and panels, plans to put a $340 million plant in Wilsonville that will ultimately employ about 500 workers.
"The beard is getting a little too much attention this week," Keisel said Tuesday. "But I understand. It is the best beard in sports. I'm not trying to brag. It's just my opinion."
But avoiding or getting off insulin shouldn't be the focus, said Dr. David Nathan, director of the diabetes center at Massachusetts General Hospital, and editor of the Harvard Medical School Special Health Report on Type 2 diabetes. Maintaining glucose levels that in the long-term will prevent kidney and eye disease should be the focus instead, he insists. "If you can achieve good numbers without medication, you have my blessing," Nathan says. "But if you need insulin, you'll be much healthier with it than without it."
The legislation said that if an employee provides "direct evidence" of discrimination, then the employer must prove it would have taken the same action regardless of the plaintiff's evidence. If the court finds the employer would have taken the action regardless of the employee's evidence, the court was instructed to rule in favor of the employer.
Renita Thukral, senior director of legal affairs for the National Alliance for Public Charter Schools, said New Jersey’s current charter school law is mediocre at best compared to other states. Judged against a "model" charter school law drafted by the Alliance, New Jersey’s law ranks 26th out of 41 states with charter schools, she said.
For a motorist crossing the Lincoln Avenue bridge toward the intersection with East State Street, it might be easy to miss the two nondescript beige buildings on either side of the pockmarked roadway. Serving as a sort of gateway into Trenton’s Wilbur section, one of the most poverty-stricken and violent neighborhoods in the city, they make up the heart of the nonprofit Martin House Foundation.
The quake was felt as far as the Indian capital, with New Delhi residents also rushing out of shaking buildings. The quake caused some houses in China's Himalayan region of Tibet to collapse and disrupted a border county's telecommunications services, Xinhua said.
But a risky budget deal built on a gimmicky idea looks shakier than ever. The state's proudest institutions and weakest residents could pay the price.
According to two people with knowledge of the search, Valerie Wilson, the schools’ business administrator; Deborah Terrell, principal of Harriet Tubman Elementary School; and Daniel Gohl, the district’s director for innovation and change, were among the names being considered as possible interim superintendents.
"I like the clientele that blues music brings in," he asserts. "It's a more mature crowd, and this tends to be the music they were brought up with, and they like. Of course we're happy to introduce younger people to the blues ... but mostly we get a middle-aged crowd."
The government eventually recovered $19 million from the parent company, AMEC Construction Management Inc., for the Eagleton courthouse and three other GSA contracts.
Chambersburg 3, Red Land 2
Wilner's story on Stanford coach David Shaw ran on A1 of the Mercury News this morning. It's a good story. Shaw's coaching bloodlines, which extend to Bill Walsh, Jon Gruden, Jim Harbaugh, and his dad, Willie Shaw, are golden. And how many college head coaches never have lost a game?
RE: (to photographer Stone): Like I said at the beginning, I enjoyed seeing you.
Exciting young rap acts such as Odd Future, Lil B and Chiddy Bang have not built their reputations through commercial airplay. They’ve taken their music directly to the listeners through Twitter, blogs and Myspace accounts. These emcees aren’t necessarily better than those who now occupy the mainstream; in many cases, they’re nowhere near as good. But they’ve all got something that mainstream hip-hop used to thrive on: fresh approaches.
Grade 11: Robert Albanir, Kyle Bogdan, Kyle Campbell, Emma Carpenter*, Sean Dale, Jessica Esposito, Patrick Ferry, Mikayla Fulper, Elyse Hartpence, Julianna Hoff, Grantham Jensen, Holly Kapsimalis, Roxanne Kreider, Hana Mershon, Jacob Phillips, Julianne Riggs*, Alexander Singleton, Kyle Tillett, Christopher J. Townes, Austin Van Treuren, Daniel Voorhees, Jonathan Wendeborn
Ever since the cult classic "Night of the Living Dead" was produced in 1968 by George Romero, there has been a growing fascination with portraying the walking dead in America. Through several sequels, TV shows and, nowadays, "zombie runs" for charity -- such portrayals have been used with some cleverness.
"They are written by soldiers," he said of the Taliban poetry. "While you may not agree with their cause, they go through the same anguish and pain and heartache that British soldiers would do."
With one week left before the Legislature’s session ends, we’re at a crossroads. Will the unions come to the table and make concessions on some basic but vital reforms Connecticut needs to move forward? Or will the state with the nation’s largest achievement gap fall further behind?
More than 35,000 people have been killed since Mexican President Felipe Calderon launched a crackdown against drug gangs in December 2006.
Two more firemen walk over with a blue plastic sheet. Once unfurled, they place the sheet underneath the blue vending machine adorned with a Boss Coffee logo.
Since the September blast in San Bruno, PG&E has cut the pressure on Line 132 and the distribution lines it serves by 20 percent. It says much of the line and distribution network will operate at half its pre-blast pressure cap - a new peak of 200 pounds per square inch - once all of it is back in service.
The school said Tuesday it will relocate its law school, along with 1,100 students, faculty and staff, into an 11-story building at 100 North Tucker Boulevard. It's the sort of influx - with fresh, young faces - that supporters expect will bring new energy to the corridor. But also, they say it offers a chance for the region to showcase itself to a mobile section of the population.
In February 2011, Dutrow was suspended for 60 days after one of his horses tested positive for a banned pain killer and an additional 30 days after hypodermic needles were found in a desk drawer in his barn. Dutrow testified that he knew nothing about the drugs or the needles, and he is appealing the suspensions.
Chris Huston runs heismanpundit.com and does a weekly straw poll of 13 voters. He has correctly forecast the top-six finishers in the Heisman voting each of the past two seasons.
ø"I don't know what Bruton's talking about. We talked!" Gordon deadpanned. "I said, 'Take that top groove away, because I like to run a groove off the wall. It'd be perfect.' I can't believe he's telling you we haven't talked.
A 2009 Bee investigation found Hince was one of at least 68 individuals out of 969 CPS workers at the time with a criminal record. Savage said Hince made it clear that CPS knew of her convictions for welfare fraud <U+0096> one while she worked at the agency. However, the judge said, Hince testified her convictions did not become a problem for her until they were reported in The Bee.
Paul conceded that his usual arguments against rushing to use military force have fallen on deaf ears. He’s right. When it comes to dealing with conflict abroad, moral reasoning and constitutional arguments don’t seem to cut much ice with Republican voters. (Nor do simple appeals to prudence.) So Paul made a fiscal argument, pointing out the crippling costs of war to the budget.
Incumbent Frank W. Minor (184) was unopposed for the Democratic nomination for mayor. Incumbent Christopher Morris (184) was unopposed for the Democratic nomination for one council seat. No Republicans filed.
Now, even with a sense of unease over the charges, the community is rallying around Bourne's memory. His friends set up a tribute to him and its location had to be changed three times — to accommodate more people. It finally was set for a lodge at the Mammoth Mountain Ski Area that can hold 1,000 people — a big turnout anywhere, but massive in a town of 8,000.
Stewart and Johnson were at Wilkinson and Ocean avenues the night of the murder and Stewart allegedly shot Gregory in the back after a dispute triggered by a drug deal gone bad, Hudson County Prosecutor Edward DeFazio said.
SANTA CRUZ - In a muted conclusion to a case the prosecutor calls devastating, a 23-year-old man was sentenced Tuesday to 31 years in prison for the homicide of Santa Cruz teen Tyler Tenorio.
When we returned for dinner, the fireplace was lit and the TV was showing "Marriage Italian Style" in Italian without subtitles. We had yellow pepper rollatini wrapped around milky buffalo mozzarella on a bed of arugula and fresh basil leaves ($8); eggplant that was just as good as it had been at lunch; pappardelle dressed with olive oil, mushrooms and bright tomatoes and dredged with grated cheese ($16); and pizza that was pure Naples: charred, thin-crusted and topped by someone who understood the art of elegant restraint ($13).
First, he and Slaughter were whistled for offsetting personal fouls by tugging on each other's facemasks. Washington could have walked away after Slaughter's initial indiscretion, but he didn't.
Rex and Leavey both were seriously wounded while serving on a combat mission in 2006. The German shepherd never deployed again, but continued to work for the Marine Corps at Camp Pendleton after Leavey, a Purple Heart recipient, was discharged from active duty.
Translation is not an exact process because words have multiple meanings. There are unique idioms and ancient terms. The translator has to choose the correct understanding. The key question for the future is: Does everyone have the ability to read the Bible and interpret it or should this be the work of scholars? If you think it should be scholars, choose Option 1: Only scholars should read the Bible.
As the weather warms, enjoy a "staycation" at Hotel Valley Ho. On weekends at the funky retro hotels sleek pool, DJ P-Body plays upbeat summer-y tunes and cocktail waitresses serve refreshing cocktails. On Saturdays, enjoy $3 beer, $6 cocktails and $15 beer pails. On Sundays, try one of the eight specialty cocktails representing eight cities. On Fridays, enjoy happy hour while Valley fav Elvis Before Noon performs.
Banks are waiting for resolution of two issues: How the economy goes in the next several months and how much money regulators are going to require banks to keep on hand in the future as a cushion.
Minneapolis attorney Pete Barry points expectantly at the video screen, drawing the attention of the 16 attorneys in the hotel conference room who've come to learn his trade secrets.
The rink almost closed in the mid-1980s when there was discussion of bulldozing the structure, moving it and replacing it with a movie theater. City officials, however, were unwilling to risk potentially permanently losing the city's unique amenity, Benesh said.
During a question-and-answer portion of a conference call this morning, ACC commissioner John Swofford was asked about Rutgers. He said, "I don't think it would appropriate for me to go there." That could mean a couple of things: first, the ACC still has visions of Texas running through it's head, which would result in Texas Tech coming as well; or second, the ACC already has that in the works.
"We don't take what the defense gives us; we take whatever the hell he want."
Publishers wanted competition among e-readers instead of a Kindle monopoly and worried that the subsidized price established artificially low prices. Jobs proposed that book publishers move to the "agency model": Publishers set the price for each book and e-reader companies take an agreed percentage of the revenues. "We told the publishers . . . you set the price, and we get our 30%, and yes, the customer pays a little more, but that's what you want anyway," Jobs told his biographer, Walter Isaacson. Jobs recalled that publishers then "went to Amazon and said, 'You're going to sign an agency contract or we're not going to give you the books.'"
"I understand perception. I’ve been around this business long enough," Bodman said. "But this had nothing to do with lobbying. In life, there are some relationships that pre-date and post-date politics. I would hope no one would read anything more into it. In my mind, I was standing in for Bob Franks, who would have been on that trip if he were alive. People can read what they want, but personal relationships exist."
But the former Ohio State provost, who was involved with Tressel's hiring in 2001 before leaving Ohio State in 2003, made the point that it's a good thing the decision isn't up to him.
After 21 years, he said, he was starting to baptize the children of parents he also baptized.
Sredl believes the Martin case could help to reinforce the buoyant image Skittles convey.
The doctor, who collapsed just outside the room, underwent surgery and is expected to survive, police said. His name has not been released by police or the hospital.
The State Department of General Services will hold the auction at the state surplus property warehouse, 1700 National Drive in Natomas, at 10 a.m. Saturday. A pre-auction preview occurs from 8 a.m. to 9:45 a.m.
When Wishner told him she knew of hard-working families who would love to go to work on a neglected house and join the neighborhood, Frangos went and met some of them, couples from Africa, Asia and South America.
Check this list often as new tips, events and deals around Florida come in:
Nearby MSU sent a letter of interest to the township, offering to purchase up to 1-ton of solid waste a day. The university has the ability to burn 200 tons a day at its power plant on campus. But before using Delhi Charter Township's dried sludge, the university needs to prove it is a legitimate fuel and get regulatory approval.
-- Jim Murphy lives in Northwest Portland.
"If they strand, we will respond," he said. "We'll see what happens."
Among those attending the service was deputy attorney general Christina Showalter, who is involved in prosecuting the suspected gunman, Loyer D. Braden.
They crossed the Rubicon when they passed SB 5. They're committed, regrets or not. No matter what they do from now on, they'll be targets of a maximum effort to throw them out next November -- especially now that the Democrats have won the battle to keep open the sluice gates through which money flows from taxpayers to public employees to the party's coffers.
The performance requirements ought to be limited strictly to activities that directly produce jobs. Even if the EDC can't bring in a single new position, at least taxpayers would feel that there had been a focused, concentrated effort to accomplish the only thing that truly matters.
"It is evident that the cause of the failure was a defective longitudinal seam weld," said the document, which PG&E provided to state regulators investigating how it accounted for weld problems in its system. "This weld has poor penetration (less than 50 percent in some places) over a length of approximately 18 inches."
The Hawks have to grind out victories. The Coyotes aren't going to skate up and down the ice with the Hawks. They are content on getting a handful of offensive chances - many coming off Hawks mistakes - and relying on goalie Mike Smith to give them a chance to win.
"She said, 'I just met the most extraordinary person,' " he recounted. " 'I think he may be the president of the United States one day.' And I thought, 'That's kind of a grandiose thing to say.' "
Steve Zalewski: Danielle's much younger ex-boyfriend, whom she broke up with at the end of the first season, alleged that he had sex tapes of him and Danielle, but she filed suit, and the tapes were never made public. He makes a reappearance this season, in which he reveals "even more scandalous details," according to Bravo.
Moretz is no stranger to horror films. She was a pubescent vampire in the chiller "Let Me In" and appears with Johnny Depp in Tim Burton's upcoming comedy remake of the TV series "Dark Shadows."
Two of those 23 states--Michigan and Indiana--have dropped below $4 a gallon since last week, reducing the number of states above $4 to eight. In California, the state where prices first began to drop, the average fell to $4.264 a gallon, off 4.3 cents since last week.
Possibly its most astonishing piece is a 266-foot-wide screen of LED lights on which 18-foot-tall text scrolls by in black and white, created by Jenny Holzer. But even Aria hotel guests would be hard-pressed to find it, as it's outside the door under the casino, where only a secondary valet station and a nightclub are situated.
"I don't know if it's a gun or what, but I think it's unusual to be running away from something holding on to that," Sneiderman told the 911 operator. "But it scared the hell out of me."
The authors say that Harry S Truman set up the club with just two members - himself and Herbert Hoover. Since then, according to this lengthy but entertaining account, relations between and among its members have registered all along the social thermometer.
f) Grouse, mountain quail
9. A Beautiful Mind (2001) Parcher: This may sound familiar, but Harris plays a mysterious man with a sinister vibe in this story of genius mathematician John Nash, well-played by Russell Crowe, who suffers from schizophrenia.
This meeting is scheduled for 7 p.m., board Vice President Theresa Minutillo said
Persons interested in donating to the Illinois High School Basketball Hall of Fame and Museum are urged to send checks to 5 West Jackson Street, P.O. Box 1, Pinckneyville, IL, 62274. Additional information can be obtained by contacting Corn at
Dear Mr. Dad: My mother-in-law has an opinion on every conceivable parenting topic. The problem is that those opinions are usually unwelcome and unhelpful. Besides that, every time she's at my house, she insists on telling me (and my wife when she's there) how we should raise our children. What can I do before I snap?
"It is unlikely the entire Affordable Care Act will go away," Jacobi said. "I suspect much of the Affordable Care Act will continue. What Congress and the executive branch will do if portions of the statute are stricken remain to be seen."
No. 1 singles — Kusick def. Stoddard, 6-1, 6-0; No. 2 — Gardner def. Wilson, 6-0, 6-1; No. 3 — Jensen def. Nelson, 6-0, 6-0.
"The only sustainable message is there is less school time every year from now on," said Wayne Clift, board member.
Opponents of the plan to construct 500-kilovolt towers along an existing 45-mile power line route through Warren, Sussex and Warren counties to Roseland In Essex County, earlier this week launched an online letter campaign seeking Christie’s support for their cause.
"The scope of our department’s mission is vast, and the challenges are many," Chiesa, who had been Gov. Chris Christie’s chief counsel, told the Assembly Budget Committee. "But our commitment is to meet the challenges, and to do it while spending prudently."
Hanson birdied No.14, then added three more down the stretch on the way to a seven-under-par 65 that propelled to him a one-stroke advantage over Mickelson with one round to play for a green jacket.
3 p.m. Washington at N.Y. Rangers, WKYC
31186 Autumn Day St., $243,000
Southeastern Arizona Bird Observatory: This Observatory is a non-profit, member-supported conservation organization offering field trips, tours, workshops, and other activities for wildlife enthusiasts in the heart of one of North America's top birding hotspots. Address: 1 Main St, Bisbee, AZ. 85603-5521. (520) 432-1388.
"I'm helping them make wise decisions financially. I'm encouraging them to not only get their degrees but continue their education. I'm encouraging them to be lifelong learners. I'm offering services that are available whenever they need them."
Stein even became a Vichy propagandist, translating Petain's speeches into English, then submitting them for publication in New York, to which the publisher Bennett Cerf reportedly responded, "Over my dead body!"
Sharon Hall, a judge for 19 years, talked about how the majority of cases are settled by a plea agreement and not jury trials. If that weren't the case, police officers would have to spend most of their time testifying in court, she said.
Gas prices averaged $3.68 per gallon in June, cheaper than in May but hardly inexpensive. It was enough to change some buyers' behaviors.
Then I saw first baseman Miguel Cabrera make a backhand play and set himself, which made me wonder if Donald could beat it. But Cabrera made a strong throw on target to Galarraga, whose foot was on the bag before Donald hit it.
Investors have identified the debt-burdened country as the potential next victim of the crisis and have pushed its borrowing costs to barely sustainable levels by demanding higher premiums to lend it money.
Matz, meantime, has been quietly going about his business since hitting the big-time with Barbaro. While his champion, undefeated colt was trying to battle back, Matz won the Breeders' Cup Ladies' Classic that fall, making for a bittersweet year.
Winner: Kuroda, 2–3. Loser: Hammel, 3–1. Save: M.Rivera, 5–6. HBP_by Kuroda (Wieters). WP_Kuroda. Umpires_Home, Jerry Layne; First, Bob Davidson; Second, Hunter Wendelstedt; Third, Dan Bellino. T_2:22.
The prosecution contends Feliciano stabbed Hinds because the priest was preparing to fire him after learning of his prior criminal record. Feliciano was a fugitive from a 1988 Pennsylvania charge of indecent assault on a 7-year-old girl. Judge Thomas Manahan on Monday ruled the prosecution may use that evidence, providing it first establishes relevance.
Investors befuddled by dramatic moves in the 10-year Treasury yield won't get much help from the sages of Wall Street.
DeFazio disagrees.
Kenny Rogers told ESPN radio in Dallas on Thursday that when he and Cecil Newton met with two MSU coaches at a hotel in Starkville, Miss., last Nov. 27, one of the coaches said "no, no I don't want to hear that," when Cecil Newton asked about the payment for Cam Newton to attend Mississippi State.
4. In a small bowl, combine mascarpone and grated Parmesan, then add to skillet and stir until cheeses begin to melt. Add cream and garlic; simmer until cream reduces by half.
The demons that engulfed Seau could have come for other reasons. But you look at the CTE grave sites left behind <U+0097> Duerson, Waters, even a 21-year-old player from the University of Pennsylvania<U+0097> and you know the question must be answered.
But nothing is normal these days in Japan, a nation with the jitters a month after the magnitude-9 earthquake unleashed the monster tsunami that killed 13,000 and left 15,000 more missing.
Police and EMS units were called to help the woman, who sustained minor injuries to her arms and legs in the fall.
Unlike the earlier version, ShowMe leaders say, annual operating subsidies wouldn't be needed.
"Women absolutely should be at least 50% of this group because they represent half of the population and, more important, 60% of the graduates with undergraduate and graduate degrees in this country are women, more than half. So that means that in that educated talent, there are certainly well-qualified and experienced candidates out there. It's just unimaginable that there would not be women included in this group."
Mezz End Row A $36 $36
All that "Christmas in July" stuff would seem just too weird except that summer art fairs offer some of the best holiday shopping of the year. Bring on the ring, ting, tingle-ing.
SAN FRANCISCO — How does a 28-year-old make $400 million in 18 months?
You can take balsamic vinegar to another deep flavor dimension by reducing it to a syrupy consistency, often referred to as balsamic glaze. This glaze creates a unique sweet flavor with slight sour or tangy tones.
The newspaper says Ozment lived with her 7-month-old child in the same apartment where the shooting took place. The child has been placed in protective custody.
Information: airheadsusa.com or (813) 247-4323.
And you thought DeMarcus Cousins can get testy.
Mexican Getaway Giveaway at W Fort Lauderdale Bars
Goal — Tabor. Assist — Helbig.
Azusa Kamiyama, a city planner, displays the committee's color-coded diagram outlining eight years of projects.
Tips on book repurposing:
Glenwood Senior Center, 2400 Route 97, Cooksville, offers the following events. Information: 410-313-5440:
Obama's New York visit was the first of many treks during the second half of his term that the president is expected to take to put a more hopeful countenance on the economy amid high unemployment -- now at 9.4 percent. Yet, while the White House was eager to highlight economic successes such as General Electric, Obama took pains not to oversell an optimistic view to a skeptical public.
Earlier Sunday, Zimmerman's attorney was working to secure the money for bail and a safe place for Zimmerman to stay. But residents in Sanford, where Martin was killed, didn't expect a ruckus once Zimmerman was released.
The coalition initially said three service members were killed in the attack, but later corrected its statement.
Casey Baker, Kevin O'Donnell and Mike Pryzgoda — Percussion — "Moby-Dick" — The Building Stage
c. when it's at room temperature
the Palace Hotel, was built in 1882, in the French Second Empire style. With eight stories towering above Vine Street, it was the tallest building in the city at the time and offered the unique feature of elevators.
ATLANTIC CITY — The confessed killer of four women in Ohio who is already serving two life sentences will get an additional 30 years in prison.
Still looking to play a perfect game, players had a hard time ignoring a lost fumble by wide receiver Reggie Gray and a sack allowed on quarterback Russ Michna.
Harry Stone of American Greetings bought Collinwood Publishing in 1969 and kept McCracken and other staffers. She retired about 1980 and moved to Phoenix, where she lived near two of her three children. The Sun Newspapers bought the chain soon and kept the Euclid and Collinwood papers going for many years.
The FA added that it would not raise the issue with the body that regulates the British press but says it had spoken with the paper and "made it clear that their front page is unacceptable to us."
Responsible for actions
The electrolytes in question are mainly sodium and potassium, and kids, she says, get plenty of them through food: potatoes, bananas and fortified cereals, for example.
604 S CHERRY ST $95,000
To pay for the changes, the governor said the state will see $10.4 million in savings when people use more generic drugs instead of brand-name, $13 million in rebates from manufacturers, $22.8 million in Medicare costs picked up by the federal government, and $9.3 million in savings from a closed loophole in Medicare coverage starting in January.
"I told him he's got to pick it up a little bit," Holt said. "The tight end - what's his last name? Hoomanawanui. I gave him a little pep talk, absolutely."
The brothers hired professionals to train them on the equipment.
The county's consultant, Employee Benefits International, will explain details to the finance and human resources committees at 1 p.m. Monday.
øCritics find it troubling that this rapid rise for coaches comes at a time when instructional spending at many schools has slowed or declined amid economic struggles and shrinking state education budgets.
7. Be a good worker.
"All of our employees—me included—are absolutely committed to ensuring that J&J has a strong reputation, a strong trust mark, with consumers," Gorsky said.
"That's not to diminish Kaplan," Taylor says. "And just because one opportunity closes doesn't mean another won't open. We hope he can be a part of downtown again in the near future."
The southeastern Kansas school says many of its nearly 10,000 graduates living in Missouri expressed interest in showing their gorilla pride the same way.
The Assembly bills come amid a flurry of legislative and government action on the issue. The state Senate plans to hold hearings later this month based on The Star-Ledger’s findings and a task force assembled by Dow has begun examining the extent of steroid use in law enforcement.
Martina describes herself as an athlete and breast cancer survivor. And says after breast cancer she didn't see any reason to fear dancing. Tony says, "I'm not the bad boy or the bad boy's brother" and that he's ready to win the trophy. It's a Dovolani/Chmerkovskiy feud! Martina says that what scares her the most is the "high heels." Now, see, Martina can get away with saying she's not very feminine waaaaay more than a traditionally beautiful woman like Maria. I absolutely love the way the announcer says "Navratilova." Whoa, the back of Martina's dress is almost entirely sheer and she is still in tremendous shape. You can see her trying to remember the steps in her head, as they foxtrot to "Is You Is or Is You Ain't My Baby," but she looks great and her athletic background means she's not visibly panting in front of the judges. Carrie Ann compliments her beauty and wants her to work on her spins. Len wants more wow, less caution. Is that Chris Evert in the audience? I remember watching tennis as a kid when their rivalry was so huge. Martina has a sense of humor when Brooke compliments her on her appearance saying, "With all this hair, with all this makeup … If I don't look good now, it's over."
The Zips' new coach pointed to his No. 1 defense as a bright spot, as that unit in his eyes only allowed 14 points. Yet Bowden was certainly realistic in inheriting a 1-11 team that still has a long way to go to be competitive.
That, of course, is the worst-case scenario.
Nothing ever came of my boxing career, but when Tucker Shaw, then editor of The Denver Post's Food section, asked me to do a weekly column, I immediately thought of my ring name: What did Short Order mean? A little flash and posturing, perhaps, then quickly down to business, like my idol, '80s middleweight champ Marvin Hagler.
Missouri Class 5 boys basketball semifinals, but a funny thing happened, as the Trojans won 57-46 on their way to a second-place finish. Fast forward to tonight and the Bruins (4-0) and Trojans (3-2) will square off again for the championship of the People's Bank Invitational. Tip-off is 8.
If Manning had not been down so long had the Colts not lost so many had Luck not seemed so promising maybe this day doesn't come. But they all happened, inside of seven months. And so, it is time to say goodbye.
There is no record of Cook being charged with any such crime, however.
A meeting is being held May 8 to discuss options. The event is sponsored by the Colorado River District and the Blue River Watershed Group.
Prior to her appointment to the bench, Cecchi spent 14 years in private practice.
The task force paid a team led by juwi GmbH, a German company, $1 million to study the technical, environmental, regulatory and financial issues in erecting a turbine demonstration project, along with affiliated centers to research, test and certify components for the off-shore wind industry.
$$$$ - Over $60
Cost for children is $2 (member), $4 (resident) or $6 (non-resident). Cost for adults is $3, $5 or $6.
In the meantime, for enthusiasts (would-be writers or no), there is this book. There is also the spectacular Eric Carle Museum of Picture Book Art in Amherst, Mass. With only a little education on the subject, it will soon become clear that what appears simple requires real genius.
Penn State's priorities
The New York Yankees, owners of baseball's biggest payroll the last nine years, are pretty much in the middle of the pack. The same goes for the Boston Red Sox, another team that typically has a high payroll.
Others exact a tougher toll. If the "doomsday" budget goes into effect, state employees, who have effectively seen their pay cut by furloughs in recent years, would lose their first raise since 2008 — a 2 percent cost-of-living increase that would have only kicked in halfway through the year. They would also be forced to pay more for their health insurance. Education aid to local governments would be cut by more than $200 million — including money targeted to help the state's poorest jurisdictions. And community colleges, which are struggling as it is to cope with increased enrollment sparked by the economic downturn, would see their funds reduced by 10 percent.
He scoffs when asked if the earthquake was a life-altering experience.
Poverty is growing in many areas of the state -- most of it directly related to the housing collapse and the long recession. Vermilion Local School District Superintendent Philip M. Pempin says the percentage of economically disadvantaged children in his school system, which includes pricey lakefront vacation property, has grown to 46 percent from 19 percent.
On citizen patrols, residents drive the neighborhood, noting troublesome areas, littered alleys, broken streetlights or gatherings of people not known to live in the area.
But independent pharmacists say the merger would result in higher consumer prices and limited consumer choice on drugs and where to buy them.
The body of 49-year-old man was found inside a shut down Tempe restaurant Monday afternoon, police said.
Criminal history/bankruptcy: Convicted of domestic violence, a misdemeanor, in 1998, convicted of operating a motor vehicle under the influence, 2000.
The TSA said in a statement that it does not profile passengers on the basis of race, ethnicity or religion and works with communities, including the Sikh Coalition, "to help us understand unique passenger concerns." The agency said it supports "efforts to gather passenger feedback about the screening process."
Heavy competition for jobs is a luxury for employers, especially in a year when they are expected to ramp up hiring. It gives them their pick of applicants and allows them to hold down wages. And there is some evidence that companies are taking their time to fill the jobs they advertise. The number of job openings has increased much faster than actual hiring.
You'll definitely do a lot of "queuing" (waiting in line), especially at Olympic venues for security checks. Whatever you do, don't "jump the queue."
On Deer Creek, another key Illinois feeder stream, a cattle rancher waters her pasture from the stream under a 150-year-old water right. But it dries up in the summer, stranding young fish. At O'Brien's urging, she's agreed to shift her withdrawals and participate in habitat restoration.
Other star voices include Eva Longoria, Robbie Coltrane and Joan Cusack.
A federal prosecutor said in March the FBI believes Gentile had some involvement with stolen property related to the 1990 heist at Boston's Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum. Thieves disguised as police officers struck as Boston finished celebrating St. Patrick's Day, binding two guards before stealing masterworks by Rembrandt, Vermeer, Degas and Manet worth more than a half-billion dollars.
If you don't have computer access, your local library can help you with an Internet search.
Willow Glen 400"<U+0082>003"<U+0082>x--7"<U+0082>8"<U+0082>1
"Their goal was just a very unlucky thing," Zumwalt East coach Seth Wilber said. "This was a great preseason tournament for us. We won (two of three games)."
Not allowing a goal is one thing. Not allowing a shot on goal is something entirely different.
He also pointed out that consumers often find other household uses for disposable bags.
"The Sheriff's Department provides great service," she said. "(They) may provide an excellent service, but I'm drinking Champagne on a beer budget."
The Bruins threw off the Trojans by overplaying Troy standout Derek Deters. The 6-foot-2 senior entered the game averaging 18.4 points and finished with 14.
In fact, there are no well-designed scientific studies that support Defendants' health benefits claims regarding FiveFingers. Indeed, running in FiveFingers may increase injury risk as compared to running in conventional running shoes, and even when compared to running barefoot.
Yet Florida's Legislature keeps cutting money from universities and jacking up tuition — more than 50 percent in the past few years alone."
Assemblyman John Burzichelli (D-Gloucester) also criticized the station.
The bespectacled sophomore had eight kills, four aces and three digs to lead Fort Hamilton to a three-set win over Riverdale/Kingsbridge in the PSAL Class B semifinals Saturday. Rozek, the team’s star, will be crucial Monday in the final against Goldstein.
(Yes, we're talking about you, Pete Carroll.)
Plenty of jobs are open, and Embree wants to make sure the incoming freshmen are evaluated thoroughly and given an equal opportunity, perhaps even the benefit of the doubt.
Case for: Best receiver in the draft. Combines power with "game speed" -- opponents rarely run him down. Clocked hand-timed sub-4.50 in the 40-yard dash at pro day, where he put on a show. Makes the difficult catch seem routine. Secures the ball in traffic as easily as in space. Physicality enables him to pile up yards after catch, which are a key ingredient in the West Coast offense. Gained plenty of experience at pass-happy Oklahoma State.
No Kitchen Required: This new series sends chefs Michael Psilakis, Madison Cowan and Kayne Raymond into exotic locations around the world and challenges them to cook a meal using local flora and fauna (7 and 10 p.m. BBC America).
Running time: 1 hour, 25 mins.
After he returned to Minnesota, doctors determined his replacement valve was infected. He died a day after being admitted to a Minnesota hospital.
“Interest rates have to be kept low enough to protect graduates from a mountain of debt,” Lautenberg said. “It’s tough enough for people just getting started.”
The association every year designates June as "lane courtesy month," and Carrellas said the clogging of the left lane is always a "hot button" for the general motoring public.
5. Big turnout expected in North Carolina for gay marriage vote
Highest-ranking woman: Elise Eberwein, executive vice president.
"Malia and Sasha, it wouldn't dawn on them that somehow their friends' parents would be treated differently," Obama said. "It wouldn't make sense to them. And frankly, that's the kind of thinking that prompts a change in perspective."
"Some people are sad to leave behind these buildings," Allen says. "For some, their fathers built this church." But the prospect isn't sad for him. "I'm not attached to the building. I'm not even attached to the neighborhood anymore. I'm attached to these people."
While credit unions have few branches and ATMs compared to big banks, many belong to ATM networks that give members increased access and flexibility. Some credit unions, such as Destinations and SecurityPlus, also belong to cooperative networks that allow members to carry out banking errands at multiple branches.
When a traditional airline cuts back on routes to a given market, that's when an a low-cost player like JetBlue, AirTran Airways or Frontier Airlines will move in, he said.
We were told “budget reasons” were to blame. Ridiculous.
2518 N.E. 82nd Ave.
The fee is $25 for chamber members and $35 for nonmembers. Reservations are required and may be made by calling (314) 726-3033 or visiting www.claytoncommerce.com.
One of the aims of the compact is to assure that candidates run a nationwide campaign <U+0096> not just in a few "swing" states. California Republican James Brulte explains why this matters: "with a nation as large and diverse as ours, it is critical that presidential candidates be educated about all our states, not just the lucky 16 swing states."
Building Blocks Workshop programs use LEGO building blocks as a fun activity for children and their parents to learn about their community’s architectural heritage. Each two hour program is a fast paced, hands on, model-building experience where the goal is for 50 families to create 50 buildings using over 50,000 LEGO® building blocks. Stephen W. Schwartz AIA, Architect, of Livingston, NJ, leads the programs.
Firefighters had not determined what caused the fire early Tuesday.
Beitzel scored 13 of his 27 points over the last 5 minutes, helping the top-seeded Bears earn a spot in the NCAA Tournament for the first time with a 65-60 win over Montana on Wednesday night in the final of the Big Sky tournament.
Because Jones hasn't signed with an agent, he has until May 8 to keep his name in the draft, or return to Kentucky for his sophomore season. Several NBA mock drafts have Jones going between picks nine and 13.
Bank of America shares added 48 cents, or 3.3 percent, in today's session to close the week at $15.25.
Put the skinned smoked fish in a food processor and pulse until finely chopped. Transfer to a bowl and stir in the onion, chives and mayonnaise. Add a little more mayonnaise if you would like a creamier spread. Add several grinds of black pepper and season to taste with lemon juice.
Senior Mike Rademacher leads a crowd of wrestlers at 112, which also includes Lane Depriest and returning state qualifier Brenden Howe.
The roller coaster of inflation followed by recession is out of control. In the last 12 years, leaders of both parties have tried in vain to slow its reckless course. At the same time, states compete with each other to extract more and more federal grants that are financed out of the deficits and not the productivity of the nation. It is, therefore, right that these same states join together to demand a constitutional amendment that will serve as the occasion for finally restraining the inflationary spending of the federal government. The nation, no less than the individual states, must eventually balance its books. The excuse that only annual deficits promote full employment is refuted by the continuing decline in productivity and investment which form the only true base of long term employment.
Since the surcharge adds to the bottom-line price of dining out, I've indicated which restaurants add the charges, and how much they add. This may continue to evolve over the next year. In the past few months, La Folie, Marlowe, Park Tavern and other restaurants have jettisoned the charges and compensated by raising menu prices slightly. Others no doubt will follow.
"He's had a very successful run at Apple, so he may be able to do it," Sneider said. "But I would say the odds are stacked against him."
The judge at Powell's arraignment ordered him not to have contact with his grandsons. A lawyer for the state attorney general said earlier that the boys had been placed in foster care since the arrest.
The Tigers will face 15th-seeded Norfolk State at Omaha. Should they win, they would advance to face the winner of the Florida-Virginia game.
Despite the Philly flavor of his list, he maintained he’s not obsessing about being a hometown star.
Get Healthy Snowshoeing, three sessions: 4-5 p.m., 6-7 p.m. and 7-8 p.m. Thursday, Jan. 7. Lake Metroparks/Lake Health, Chapin Forest West, 10381 Hobart Road, Kirtland. To register, call 440-953-6000. $5.
“There’s some lawyering to be done yet,” Adams said after the meeting, referring to Richt’s contract. “But we’re in 98 percent agreement, and the other 2 percent is just minor details.”
“I am deeply honored to be one of this year’s recipients of the New Jersey State Bar Foundation’s Medal of Honor,” said Wallace. “The Foundation is extremely important in the many nonprofit efforts it supports.”
Newark's quandary is similar to the decisions Los Angeles had to make when Michael Jackson, another pop superstar brought down before his time, died in 2009. A public memorial at the Staples Center, a professional sports arena, cost taxpayers about $3 million but pumped a million more than that into the local economy through hotel stays, restaurants and other businesses, according to a city report.
Although most of his attention will be on the president, Romney cannot entirely ignore his right flank. Republicans vow that they will arrive in Tampa in August a united party, and they probably are correct, given the antipathy toward the president among the most conservative Republicans.
H Burger is targeting a May opening for its Boulder restaurant, she said.
Looking for create more pace as his team began to lag, Hitchcock shuffled his lines here and there. For instance, he took a look at grinder B.J. Crombeen on the Patrik Berglund/Andy McDonald scoring line. Crombeen had one of the better scoring chances for the Blues in this game, but the aptly named Quick robbed him.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Applied Industrial Technologies Inc., the Cleveland industrial parts supplier, today reported a profit of $16.5 million, or 39 cents a diluted share, in its fiscal third quarter. That was a 43 percent improvement from a profit of 11.6 million, or 27 cents a share, in last year's third quarter.
Given that baseball is full of irony, in the ninth inning, Leyland and McClelland had a vigorous face-to-face argument. The dispute arose after Jeff Francoeur doubled off the top of the left-centerfield fence. Centerfielder Austin Jackson reached over the fence and caught the ball before it could land in the bullpen for a homer. Instead of signaling <U+0093>safe<U+0094> to indicate the ball was in play, McClelland mistakenly raised his arm as if to indicate <U+0093>out.<U+0094> Francoeur had rounded second and had stopped running when the ball was thrown back in, and the Tigers tagged him. According to McClelland, Leyland argued that Francoeur should be out.
to visit White House
Advancements in skate technology, fitness, coaching — everything — has made the NCAA ranks as much a recruiting ground for NHL teams as the junior level. Maybe that's not true with the third- and fourth-line types and fifth and six defensemen, but otherwise the college level is as good or better than the junior ranks, and that never used to be said.
The most critical thing we lack in this general age of municipal malaise is creative, courageous and accountable political and corporate leadership.
Though "War Horse" made it in for best drama, Spielberg missed out on a directing nomination.
The Jersey City officers turned and followed Spurgeon, who was now speeding east on Communipaw Avenue, reports said. Near Berry Lane, Spurgeon slowed his vehicle and collided with the police cruiser.
"I'm pretty sympathetic to the content people. ... I'm the son of an author," Wyden said in an interview.
Hours: Dinner: 5 p.m.-close Monday-Saturday. Sunday brunch: 10 a.m.-3 p.m. Sunday dinner: 3-9 p.m.
Having worked internationally for several decades during my career, I can tell you that in some countries it would be impossible to do any business without greasing the skids. As an example: In Brazil, very little gets done without intervention. If you need a driver's license, you hire the appropriate "fixer," and the license magically appears. Importing anything without a fixer was certainly possible if you didn't mind waiting a year or so. The bottom line is that bribery was institutionalized. Of course, one never paid a bribe directly, but paid only for the services of a fixer. I agree with those who condemn the wholesale sign-off on bribery, but would caution people not be too naive about the way business gets done in other countries.
Amy Cortes sued Waldemar Stalewski of Whiting, Ind., last week in Will County Court over the incident. She also named DirectSat USA, Accusat LLC and DirecTV as defendants.
Swor, who visited Stone Sr. at the county jail today to deliver him the news, said his client was grateful the most serious charges had been dropped.
The folks of the American Heart Association gathered in Navy Pier's grand ballroom on Saturday night to fete another year of hard work at their signature fund-raiser, the 30th annual Chicago Heart Ball. Respected members of the medical community, philanthropists and corporate leaders were in attendance at the black-tie soiree that raised money for AHA's work to eradicate cardiovascular disease and stroke.
Remember that guy you stood next to in the big white dress? Weren’t you two eventually supposed to be holding hands in twin rockers on the porch of the old folks home? If you’re going to jeopardize everything you have with him, just be clear on what you could end up having and holding instead -- a 50-year-old memory of some musician whispering those romantic words every woman longs to hear: “How ‘bout we have sex for a couple hours and then I see if there are any other cute girls outside the tour bus?”
Some candidates reject part-time role
FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski rejected the compromise, noting stations already make available paper records of what they charge political advertisers. He said there was no reason such information should be "stuck in a filing cabinet" in an online world.
From Chef Thomas Nasworthy of Carefree Station
For the casual observer with no rooting interest it was a complete dud. The Angels were superior in every way on the court. Defensively, they made Zuwalt West throw it away, and they killed the Jaguars on the glass.
The SEC proposal is expected to include two elements that worry fund companies. The plan would allow investors who wish to sell all their holdings in a money-market fund to receive only 95% to 97% of their cash immediately and the rest after 30 days. The SEC also is expected to propose dropping the fixed $1-a-share net-asset value that money funds maintain each day, which would offer a truer picture of the funds' values.
As a political novice, Sanchez would have to prove himself before the seat would be considered in play. As the top general in Iraq from 2003 to 2004, his leadership was harshly criticized by some of the same lawmakers he would caucus with if elected, particularly over the Abu Ghraib prisoner abuse scandal.
Information from: North Lake Tahoe Bonanza.
And there was a thought-provoking proposal from a guy who lamented that the new span, reduced for economy to just four lanes, will prove inadequate. His name: "The Phase One Bridge."
Yep, the Bulls stole that away, too.
"The fate of the stadium is now in the governor's hand," Zellers said.
Platten said early voting would likely push the overall turnout in Cuyahoga to about 225,000 ballots, about 25 percent of the registered voters in the county.
'October Baby' -- 1 1/2 stars
Goal: "Earn a college degree. Find a rewarding career. Raise a family."
Crisis-management experts said today that the recall of millions of cars and trucks isn't the Japanese auto maker's only problem: its message to Toyota owners — delivered in full-page ads Sunday in 20 major newspapers — isn't as clear and reassuring as it needs to be.
Iturra recommended they leave the tent city where they have kept vigil, which is increasingly besieged by journalists. It sprang up amid piles of rock at the copper and gold mine isolated in the coastal desert of Atacama.
Q: Producing seems to suck in a lot of directors.
The board has 60 days to recommend to Kasich whether to pardon Williams-Bolar or let her conviction stand. The governor makes the final decision.
Under the system PG&E had in place until 2008, managers would receive incentive bonuses if they met several performance standards, said Steven Segale, one of the three employees whose complaints prompted the internal company audit. One standard was based on the number of leaks a supervisor's crew found per mile on a gas pipeline inspection - the fewer the leaks, the bigger the bonus, Segale said.
The welfare rolls have absorbed relatively few of the Americans who have tumbled lately into poverty or unemployment.
In the days before a fire tax supported the volunteers, it seemed like there was no end to the fundraising events, which Jack remembers as being a lot of fun and a way to pull the community closer. "The fire company was the hub of activities in the early days," he says, so much so that there was a waiting list for membership.
Osuga said she had been playing origami, the Japanese art of folding paper into figures, with her three children when the quake stuck. She recalled her husband's shouted warning from outside: "GET OUT OF THERE NOW!"
“If you had to write a script we were kind of where we wanted to be,” Hilltoppers coach Tom Siller said. “We were in the game late and we had an opportunity.”
"Under the new regulations, many of the most toxic career education programs will continue to operate -- largely at taxpayer expense -- for three years with no requirements to improve," added Jose Cruz, a vice president of Education Trust.
The Hawks have injury problems of their own, with forward Josh Smith fighting a strained tendon in his left knee; he is considered day-to-day. Atlanta is already missing its top two centers, Al Horford and Zaza Pachulia.
Simonson prepared by reading and watching everything he could find about Magic and Bird -- sorry, Bird and Magic -- and by talking to the two men.
"Steve brought an authenticity and sincerity to the music that is not often seen," Martin said. "He was a genuine bluesman."
Eagles face threats from a number of other chemicals in environment, scientists say. Some hormones can affect fertility, while others are thought to lead to developmental and behavioral problems in multiple generations.
Cyrus, 29 North St. (at Foss), Healdsburg; (707) 433-3311. Dinner Wednesday-Monday. Prix-fixe menus, $52 to $74; tasting menu, $85; wine pairing, $47.
Ken Wainstein, a former U.S. attorney in Washington who headed the Justice Department's anti-terrorism efforts and served as homeland security adviser under President George W. Bush, said cooperation does not always mean a defendant is trying to win leniency.
“I keep waiting to see the first senior skate park,” he said. “I won't be surprised when it shows up.”
In 2004, when Radtke sought state help in regaining a seat, Kulongoski's natural resource policy adviser e-mailed him.
Grandview def. Lakewood, 25-12, 22-25, 20-25, 25-22, 20-18
Q: How many inches of rain fell in Cherrapunji, India, to set monthly world record?
"I know that is part of the game, so to speak," he said. "As long as they're paying a lot of money for the damage they caused, it would give me some relief."
"We were missing three boys and two girls due to ACT tests. Hopefully they scored well, but it did affect our performance at that meet."
Violence has persisted in parts of Syria since a cease-fire began Thursday, leading some to declare the peace plan a failure.
The trail was built to show off Catalina's dramatic changes in elevation, which make for a surprising variety of ecosystems and landscapes: muscular peaks, scalloped beaches, lush ravines and grasslands enlivened by an array of spring flowers, including Indian paintbrush, Catalina mariposa and sticky monkey flowers.
"It doesn't mean I'm not successful," he said, but money isn't his main motivator. "I'm happy to sit here and have dinner at 6 o'clock at night instead of being at the office," he says.
On Dec. 29, officers fatally shot a man who was carrying a knife when they responded to an alleged stabbing of a teenage girl at the man's residence. The man was later described as having a history of mental illness.
Dry-floral arrangers and crafters call them “everlastings” because the blossoms of statice, strawflower and yarrow don't fade. Why? Because this group produces blossoms that are dry and papery even when newly opened from the bud. Plant them in with your vegetables and harvest a truly lovely crop that will fuel all your gift and decorating projects next fall.
On Sunday evening, I watched a guy who changed his name to "World Peace" lose his mind for no good reason and remind us that in another life and under another name he was the guy responsible for perhaps the ugliest incident in NBA history when in 2004 he started a brawl that spilled into the stands. I am mad at World Peace because he has to understand that no matter how well he has behaved in recent years to distance himself from that dark past (he won the NBA's J. Walter Kennedy Citizenship Award last year for his work raising awareness of mental health issues and donating his entire 2012 salary to charities that benefit those issues), one idiotic moment like this wipes it all out.
"They wanted to create a dance company that reflected New York City. And I thought, why would I want to have a company in Arizona that reflects New York City?"
U.S. stocks rose, sending the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index higher for a second day, as earnings from Apple Inc. to Boeing Co. beat estimates and as investors awaited a Federal Reserve decision on interest rates.
Recently, a crowd of engineers, entrepreneurs and designers came together for a weekend of intense work and little sleep to figure out how technology could help people who don't have roofs over their heads, much less web browsers.
Hilary’s mischievous ways inspired Altman to write “Little Sister,” a song whose ultimate lesson is that you grow up to love your sister:
Individual champions were Holt's Lawton Benna (103), Zumwalt West's James Krischke (112), Timberland's Colton Orlando (119), Holt's Clayton Ream (125), Zumwalt West's Travis Callahan (130), Lafayette's Nick Olejnik (135), Howell Central's Terrel Wilbourn (140), Zumwalt West's Kyle Hussey (145), Howell Central's Andy King (152), Timberland's Jake Hawks (160), Howell Central's Matt Greene (171), Howell Central's Wyatt Miller (189), Howell Central's Cole Anderson (215) and Howell Central's Brian Paur (285).
He’d be delighted to.
The Gang Violence Response Team responded to the incident. King said.
A state transportation grant is financing much of the planning work for the station.
"I think that starting early before there's been a formal process is a mistake," she said. "Voters are going to want to know that a bipartisan charter commission has looked at it and said this makes sense. I don't understand this approach."
Two area sellers of extended auto-service contracts that have been targeted by regulators and consumer advocates have found an ally in the Vehicle Protection Association, a trade group that today announced that the firms are the first companies of their kind to win the group's seal of approval.
Because Sea Shadow also had to be kept under cover, the barge <U+0096> as long as a football field <U+0096> would prove to be the perfect factory floor and long-term garage.
During one four-year stretch, from 1998 to 2001, St. Louis played host to five USGA championships, including the U.S. Women's Mid-Amateur and the U.S. Senior Amateur in the same year, then came a Senior Open in 2004. At the same time, the LPGA was making an annual stop in Springfield, Ill.
State employees in the Department of Agriculture and the Department of Health and Senior Services were allowed to leave work early.
A: I cut back quite a bit on what I'd had in the first draft. I've written about polygamy as a journalist, did a story on contemporary bigamy in Utah, because a lot of those sects rip off the public. The state's cracking down on welfare fraud.
St. Louis would need every second to prepare because it lacks a municipal culture in which police operations are a true part of city and neighborhood planning. Thinking through all of the practical implications and possibilities is a complicated process.
The big picture: With the June 5 primary breathing down our civic necks, the next two months will be a mad crush of robo-calling, mass-mailing, lawn-sign stealing political activity. It's not going to be pretty.
Kei Iwamoto: Hi Christy, certainly no risk is zero, but compared to every other form of risk that we encounter everyday, the risk would be so close to zero that zero would be a better description.
It's meant to be a showcase, expressing our style and setting the tone for a visitor's stay. But the floor must withstand dripping umbrellas, muddy shoes and more.
"For both teams, it is a tough day to hit," Horne said. "You have to try to scratch some things."
No kid! ing!
Two judges scored the five-round fight 49-46, and the third had it 48-47.
"There are certainly appropriate times when someone deserves an accidental disability pension, but it shouldn’t be abused," said State Sen. Jeff Van Drew (D-Atlantic), who plans to co-sponsor the legislation with Senate President Stephen Sweeney (D-Burlington). "It harms taxpayers and those who depend on pensions."
“You hate the Ducks,” wrote another.
NOT A DESTINATION
Lieutenant Arnold Warren, 46, apparently took his own life at his Oregon City home on Friday. Portland Police Chief Mike Reese said the death is being investigated by Oregon City police and a medical examiner’s office. Warren had been part of the bureau’s burglary task force.
308 Hasting Ln, $62,400
Podschweit visited the Miami-area campus last weekend.
As hard as the Euclid coaches had worked to protect their turf, to keep the homegrown at home, Kenneth was gone.
"I can also give Sam a break since she's always nailing them and hitting them. I was like, 'OK, Sam I've got you.' I have to do my job and go in there and help the team."
The Christmas and New Year's holidays are falling this year, as they did last year, on days that are the most critical for restaurants. Last year Christmas Eve and New Year's Eve were on Fridays.
"And they forced that advice on many," he said.
And, of course, longtime social observer and skilled novelist that she is, Gordimer puts us, as the novel unfolds, at exactly that sort of social gathering — and in precisely that position.
McDougall, of the 200 block of Caddy Avenue in Carpentersville, was taken to Sherman Hospital in Elgin in "critical but stable" condition, the release said.
As for Ebert, Belichick admitted he was a player that the Patriots "got on too late." The coach remained confident in the receiver's ability to be productive in New England's system, though.
A Slater Elementary School teacher allowed her colleagues to cheat as they erased stray marks on 2009 state exam sheets, resulting in the "ultimate betrayal" of students, an Atlanta Public Schools lawyer said at the teacher's termination hearing.
The only
Excerpt: As much as he hates to say it, Aldridge knows a big reason he is in Orlando is because of the dramatic and emphatic fall of his teammates. Roy retired because of degenerative knees. Oden has had five knee surgeries, including a third season-ending microfracture procedure last week, probably ending his career in Portland, and perhaps the NBA. "I never wanted it to be this way, where their misfortune brought opportunity for me, but that's the way it is," Aldridge said. "I never wanted them to go down like that, but it has given me the chance to be who I am, and to prove I could be that guy I always wanted to be."
CVC President Kathleen "Kitty" Ratcliffe would not discuss the proposal or the process under way to develop it.
Avenue, Granite City, was arrested in the 2600 block of Nameoki Road on a charge of retail theft under $300 on the second subsequent offense.
Tony Sirico, Paulie Walnuts from "The Sopranos," will play Captain Sallie, "the wise veteran of boardwalk life and lore," according to the plot description obtained by EW, Jack Scalia will play a reformed Guido who is now police chief, and Paul Sorvino (from "Goodfellas," and a former Tenafly resident) will play the possibly corrupt mayor. (In New Jersey? Say it ain't so.) William Atherton is a developer who wants to tear down the boardwalk and build an upscale luxury resort (read: no Guidos allowed). But that's not why the sharks are angry! They're angry because of all the ... illegal underwater drilling?
LONDON -- Passengers stepping out of London Bridge tube station cannot help but crane their necks to gaze at the jagged tower under construction: The Shard is the tallest building in the European Union and looks like a slice of glass balanced on the edge of the financial district.
Allred, like other aspiring professional golfers from Oregon, got a helping hand from Peter Jacobsen, who to many is the embodiment of golf in this state.
Japan was without electricity from nuclear power for the first time in four decades when the reactor at Tomari nuclear plant on Hokkaido island went off-line for mandatory routine maintenance. Since last year's quake and tsunami set off meltdowns at the Fukushima Dai-ichi plant, no reactor halted for checkups has been restarted, amid public worries about the safety of nuclear technology.
But you can virtually throw that polling out the window as an explanation for the difference between Republicans and Democrats on those issues. The two have nearly the same level of education – 44 percent of Republicans and 48 percent of Democrats are college grads, according to Pew – but embrace broadly different views on global warming and evolution.
WHERE: From Interstate 10 in Tucson, take Exit 248 and drive east on Ina Road. After seven miles, the road curves to the southeast and becomes Skyline Drive. Continue 2.6 miles, then turn north on Alvernon Way and proceed one 1 mile to the large parking area on the west side of the street.
The national Occupy Wall Street movement, which denounces corporate excess and economic inequality, began in New York City in the fall but has been largely dormant lately. Oakland, New York and Los Angeles were among the cities with the largest and most vocal Occupy protests early on. The demonstrations ebbed after those cities used force to move out hundreds of demonstrators who had set up tent cities.
Google Drive allows you to share files and folders, and collaborate with others. You can also email files as attachments. People with whom you share files can be allowed different rights: to view, comment, or edit them. You can also keep the files private.
Deep porches are inviting but the deeper they are, the darker rooms become inside. The solution is simple: stain the floor in a pale hue to bounce soft light indoors. Using a pale color like Silver Mist 1619 on the floor ensures that the color of the light is refreshing and close to neutral.
"I asked, 'Do we have an Oregon presence?' or something to that effect," Long said when he learned that an out-of-state company had won the bidding. "It was pretty straightforward. I wanted staff to think about an Oregon presence and go look into it and see what the options are."
Still, it's not the kind of thing that ever happens on Arbor Day.
He said these types of false fortresses will always fall, and in order to build a fortress with God you need to talk to him.
Industry: Tech products and services.
Watch AT&T's Chief Financial Officer John Stephens discuss the company's results below.
From tasteless photos to urinating on dead insurgents, bad behavior by U.S. troops in Afghanistan is hampering America's war effort in Afghanistan, triggering a broad new campaign by defense leaders to improve discipline in the ranks.
"Partners in crime" describes gangsters Charlie "Lucky" Luciano and Meyer Lansky perfectly, say the actors who play them on HBO's "Boardwalk Empire."
However, because there are no classes April 27, the pantry will be closed that day. The pantry's last day is May 18.
"The transition was a little tougher than I thought because the throws are a little longer and you have to be a lot quicker," Summerlin said. "It took me a while to get used to it.
Lee is a paragon of orthodoxy. He doesn't look to the sky like Fernando Valenzuela or contort his body like Lincecum or seem to touch you as he releases the ball like Randy Johnson.
Audi's A3 e-tron concept car shows the technical direction the brand will take when a battery-powered version of its compact premium car debuts in a few years.
“We did that last year with Pinkston.”
Ramsey said payday lenders and banks that offer payday loans to their own customers are waiting to see what approach the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau takes on payday lending. The regulator is the first federal agency with supervisory authority over both banks and payday lenders.
COST: None to hike. $20 per vehicle entry fee to Grand Canyon National Park. $5 per person per day to camp in the Canyon, plus a $10 application fee. Call 1-888-297-2757 for rates and reservations for lodging at Phantom Ranch and the North Rim.
Pinch or cut off all the leaves and branches up to the top 4 or 5 inches of the plant and pinch off any flowers and suckers between the branches. Plant the tomato, mixing a little compost with the clay, and leaving the top leaves and branches exposed. Water deeply; cover the surrounding soil with 3 to 4 inches of leaf mulch, straw or other mulch.
The newspaper, citing an unnamed federal source, says the quick decision by police to change the parade route after the bomb was discovered prevented the detonation.
Which means, basically, that the Giants’ punter can kick over a Smart car, if the mood struck.
"My short game was really good today," McGetrick said.
The Targetts, married for about 20 years, were in the process of a divorce, authorities said.
Well, a new septic system runs around $24,000. You can get a grant for approximately $10,000 of that, leaving the homeowner to pay the rest. Plus you have to dig up your entire lawn, which means paying for a new lawn and probably landscaping too.
Three of five: $14
Cuisine: French/California
Jazz Fest caps a string of major tourist events in New Orleans since winter that included the BCS college football championship, the NCAA Final Four, Mardi Gras and the French Quarter Festival. All provided a huge economic boost for a city still recovering from Hurricane Katrina in many areas.
LaPierre, like the rest of Friday's speakers, made no mention of the NRA's support of "Stand Your Ground" laws, which some have linked to the death of Florida teenager Trayvon Martin.
When asked how she intends to lead the Oregon College of Art & Craft as president, Mullen recalls a story about her cousin, Whitlow Wyatt, a pitcher for the Brooklyn Dodgers.
Hotels along the Interstate 694 corridor stretching from Boone Avenue in Brooklyn Park to Lexington Avenue in Shoreview would likely be the main beneficiaries of a new stadium in Arden Hills, said Ted Leines, CEO of Leines Hotel Advisors Inc.
659 Merchant St. (near Kearny Street), San Francisco
"You have opened the door to hundreds like myself," Agudelo said.
"Love Me Knot ... An Italian Wedding": Interacative dinner theater. Show times vary. Through May 8. Genitti's Hole-in-the-Wall, 108 E. Main, Northville. 248-349-0522. www.genittis.com. $35, $49.95.
Having to scale back services is tough, Berman says, because hunger doesn't take days off. A boost in operating funds -- the center gets the rest of its funding from private foundations, businesses, individuals and the faith community -- would help put Wednesdays back on the schedule, giving clients another day of refuge that they can't find anywhere else.
That's a polite way of saying not many folks are using these services. In fact, according to a study Parrish did last month, only about 4 percent of adults have tried any kind of location-based social networks via their mobile phones, and only about 1 percent use them more than once a week.
That's about to change. Mickelson said they would go to Paris in a few weeks for his wife's 40th birthday.
"These are all good things for the business community," Gibson said.
He said repaying the state was "a pansy move if you believe in what you did and you believe truly what you did was right. Why are you repaying the money to the state of for your hotel bills? It makes you look like what you did was wrong ...You made fools of everybody who supported you on this. You made fools of everybody who defended you on this. You made fools of radio hosts who gave valuable radio real estate so you can go on and defend yourself. And then you surrender. Well that's bologna."
ABOUT SPECIFIED TECHNOLOGIES, INC
What's wrong with this guy?
And on June 7, it woke up Michael Hesse. At 5:49 a.m., the solar scientist received an alert on his smartphone. NASA spacecraft had seen a burst of X-rays spinning out from a sunspot. The burst was a solar flare -- and a "notably large one" at that, Hesse said later.
By John Benson, Special to The Plain Dealer
A 2007 Annals of Internal Medicine review of HGH did find some benefits. The article, which analyzed 31 research studies on a total of 220 elderly male participants, observed that those who were treated with HGH had reduced fat mass and increased lean body mass.
"I am surprised by the timing," Millis said Thursday of the league memo to its officiating scouting department to begin identifying possible replacements. "In 2001, they did something like this, but they didn't in 2006."
NOACA, and similar agencies in Akron and Youngstown are concerned that a private operator would not maintain the turnpike as well as it is maintained now.
Migraine headaches, which affect some 28 million Americans every year, usually cause severe pain on one or both sides of the head. They may be accompanied by nausea and vomiting, light sensitivity, distorted vision, flu-like achiness, sweating and dizziness.
Former Lake Oswego Mayor Judie Hammerstad, a strong streetcar proponent, said she’s hard-pressed to think of a better transit alternative for the city.
1: MOSELEY - Avery Patterson, Rov
Her owner, Sgt. Terry Young, found this out after he showed up at the shelter to claim Target, who had slipped out of his back yard over the weekend.
The trio's combined production resulted in something rare for Uribe: He was cheered by the fans at Dodger Stadium. Loudly.
This will be followed at 9 p.m. by outdoor star gazing through telescopes, if skies are clear. Members of the Chagrin Valley Astronomical Society will be on hand to help you focus.
"She has to live her own life," said Lad, as he contemplates his daughter's impending departure - and prepares to celebrate a father-daughter graduation. "It's a great memory and a great piece of our life to have shared together."
Though accompanied by a delegation that included his interior minister and foreign secretary, Zardari insisted to reporters in Delhi that he was traveling as a private citizen. Before leaving Pakistan he also said he was only calling on Singh as a courtesy while en route to pray at the shrine of a 12th-century Sufi saint revered by both Muslims and Hindus.
Ostrom said she would file a lawsuit if her license is revoked. A similar lawsuit has been filed against the city of Centennial.
Home Controls
She: Honey, did you know that taxes are the only thing that grows without water? He: Yes dear, Frank's Salon has been trying to convince liberals of that. She: Do you think liberals leave a tip when they pay their taxes? He: Ahahahahahahaha!
Neuman’s attorneys wrapped up their case Thursday without calling their client to the stand. The defendant, who has acknowledged shooting Sneiderman but has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity, told DeKalb County Superior Court Judge Gregory Adams he would not testify.
Zannoni, 40, came on board at Angelo's seven years ago. His father was in the food distribution business, and the pizza place on Madison has been a longtime customer. It's been a good fit.
Wanly did not see Mohamud at the mosque often, perhaps once or twice a month. But the actions Mohamud is accused of committing hurt.
Detroit had more than 30,000 vacant or abandoned houses, according to a survey released earlier this year. On some city blocks, only a handful or fewer homes are occupied.
The couple held one of three winning tickets for the $656 million jackpot, claiming a $218.6 million stake. After taxes, they will get a lump sum payout of almost $111 million.
The racket begins before you even board the spinning tractor and cart ride: A play area near the main entrance will feature an interactive junkyard of bangable hubcaps and honkable horns.
Our May Lake soiree was hardly bacchanalian. Nevertheless, the next morning I was feeling the ill effects of alcohol, altitude, age or all three and was not looking forward to the day's trek, a steep eight miles to Sunrise Camp. Was there an easier way? There was, said the camp manager, who noted my morning pallor.
New Jersey 3, at Florida 2: Martin Brodeur stopped 24 shots for his 100th postseason victory as New Jersey won and spoiled the opening game of Florida's long-awaited return to the playoffs.
The events began in 1985 when a colorectal surgeon in Tacoma, Wash., ran a 24-hour marathon at a university stadium to raise money for his local American Cancer Society office.
After being shut out and hammered by the Jets, Manning stood in front of his cubicle in a quiet locker room. He was one-and-done in the playoffs for a third time in four years.
"You can't fully repeal and replace this law until you have a new president and a better Senate. And that's probably in 2013, but that's before the law fully kicks in, in 2014," Ryan said.
Bake in preheated oven 40 to 45 minutes until heated thoroughly and lightly browned.
One of the brands mentioned was A & W Root Beer, and that made me kind of sad. But I'm not sure why.
Police say the inappropriate relationship was with one student and detectives have not found evidence that there are other victims.
Another source of increased expense is administration. Since 1980, the number of administrators per student at colleges has about doubled; on most campuses their numbers now match the number of faculty. Here are some of their titles: senior specialist of assessment; director for learning communities; assistant dean of students for substance education; director of knowledge access services.
Tyson's top executives told investors at a conference Tuesday that they expect demand to recover quickly, but the market will have to adjust. They estimate there will be a 2 to 3 percent reduction in supply. Shrinking supplies traditionally drive up costs for consumers.
The increase also likely reflects some seasonal volatility because applications for unemployment aid frequently rise around the Easter holiday. Many school employees are temporarily laid off during spring breaks and can file for benefits.
Dmitry Samarov, like Travis Bickle, is God's lonely man, cruising the streets of Chicago, watching for your arm to shoot out and beckon him, taking note of the odd, offhanded things you say after you climb into his cab.
“They’re so weak and so sick, how do you get out and get support? Here, they don’t have to put on their wigs. They can just sit in bed and call us. We say, tell us what you’re going through,” Ciliberti-Sosalski said.
Not a 'good deed'
AMBIANCE: Colorful, convivial; tends to be noisy
An early adopter of the Internet, Fay created the Justice for All listserv in the mid-1990s with another leading disability advocate, Justin Dart, who died in 2002.
Cornel Marculescu, the executive director of FINA, said Tuesday the organization planned to honor Dale Oen.
At the hospital, ambulance brought in the wounded, including a parliamentarian. Nurses led stumbling patients into surgical rooms.
In fact, juggling her work and family life as a single mom "must be hard, because I complain all the time," she said with a laugh. "It's pretty challenging. But so far I've survived with sanity and humor intact."
just minutes after the visiting Tigers pulled out a 61-57 victory Monday night at CBC. "This is the game we expected and hoped to get from CBC. They pushed us to the limit, but that's what you expect from Cadets.''
Bellco Credit Union Art Gallery
The caverns sit under the Chihuahuan Desert in the Guadalupe Mountains. A one-mile paved trail begins near the visitor center and offers a look at the desert landscape and plants.
"There is only so much territory to divide up, and it has to be done rather precisely," says Steve Fought, a longtime aide to Toledo Democratic Rep. Marcy Kaptur. "If they get greedy and try to eliminate more than one Democratic member, they run the risk of failing to bolster the new members who are most vulnerable, like Bill Johnson, Bob Gibbs and Jim Renacci."
The teams lowered their forks and waited.
Jesse Toprak, an analyst for consumer research site TrueCar.com, said GM should still be happy with the Cruze's performance.
Any discussion of the Broncos using the 25th pick in the first round on a running back, whether it be Lamar Miller of Miami or David Wilson of Virginia Tech, can be described in two words: crazy talk. After gambling big on Manning, if team executive John Elway goes offense early in the draft, he's nuts.
April 28: at Port Huron Patriots, 7:30 p.m.
To a 7-year-old boy who firmly believed that God called his dad for advice whenever he got in a pickle, it was heaven.
The jobs are nothing to sneer at for people who need them, said Robert Van Geons, executive director of RowanWorks, the county's economic development agency. The county has lost about 5,000 jobs since 2006, and last fall county officials approved a $160,000 grant paid out over five years to tempt Magna into their expansion, Van Geons said.
It's not entirely clear how you ended up with two pre-paid rooms. Maybe you accidentally clicked "buy" twice or refreshed your Web browser, triggering the extra purchase. Accor charged your credit card almost immediately, and it should have figured out a way to return the money quickly, too.
Gandy Beach: This beach along the south side of the Gandy Bridge between Tampa and Pinellas County is called the Redneck Riviera because of its well-earned reputation for parties. You can drive to any spot off the road, plop down with a cooler and watch thongs, dogs and jet skiers at play.
Goalie Corey Crawford lost his shutout bid in the final minutes, but he deserves all the credit for the Hawks getting at least a point. Devin Setoguchi had the only goal in the shootout as the Wild handed the Hawks back-to-back shootout losses.
The one similarity with college is you likely will need to set aside money for many years in order to take care of it.
Brown seemed upbeat and relaxed as he spoke of the differences in coaching James and Kobe Bryant, whom he says is more "businesslike." Brown harbors no ill feelings toward Gilbert, he said, or the franchise, which fired him in the weeks before James made his decision to leave for the Miami Heat.
the College Sports Journal Freshman all-America team. The 40-man listing includes players selected for "making significant national-scale contributions in their first year of playing college football." A redshirt freshman, Crutcher started all 11 games for Missouri State (2-9) and finished 14th in balloting for the Jerry Rice Award, presented to the Football Championship Subdivision freshman of the year. Crutcher finished his rookie season with 83 tackles, including a team-high 45 solo stops.
Shawn, who was born Chantel, is an active member of the school’s small Diversity Club and said he heard today that the school canceled its support at the last minute because emails started rolling in from about 30 parents who objected.
But when coyotes broke into the care home's chicken coop and killed five chickens a little over a week ago, that was the last straw.
Hamilton faced top-ranked Phoenix Pinnacle, a team Hamilton hasn't played this year, on Thursday. The winner advances to the state quarterfinals on Saturday. The loser will play in an elimination game Saturday.
Feb. 18 - x-Budweiser Shootout, Daytona Beach, Fla. (Kyle Busch)
Exploring California: Casual wine tasting with small bites and music. 5-8 p.m. Fri, May 20. World Class Wines, 269 A. Ave., Lake Oswego; $10, with $5 bonus pour; www.worldclasswinesoregon.com or 503-974-9841
The painting was always meant to hang in Union Station, originally in Fred Harvey’s Westport Room. When the station was closed and went into disrepair, a local company bought the mural and moved it to its space. When the train station was restored, the Westport Room mural returned home.
The Southwest Lending Closet, an Avondale non-profit organization, has moved to a bigger building in the city and is holding a ribbon-cutting ceremony and open house today.
"You can't legislate civility," said Phillips, a former school principal. "You can't punish kids to be nice."
Born in Mitchelstown, County Cork, in 1928, Trevor spent his childhood in provincial Ireland and draws much of his material from that region still. Now, with "Love and Summer," his gift of empathetic attention to the lives of "little" people remains on full display. The principal figures here are Ellie Dillahan, an orphan from the hill country married to an older farmer, and Florian Kilderry, a half-Italian photographer preparing to leave his inherited home. They meet by accident in the small Irish town of Rathmoye in the mid-1950s; the two are drawn to each other, and their shy secretive courtship comprises the bulk of the book. Both characters are cautious yet, in their dreams, daring; neither understands the stakes of the romantic game they play, and neither is practiced at love. Nor do they understand how closely they are being watched by others in the town.
"Ehrlich, Steele, Mandel attest to Schurick's honesty," reported The Sun's Dec. 1 headline on the trial of former Ehrlich aide Paul Schurick on charges he tried to suppress African-American voter turnout in last year's gubernatorial election.
Services will be at 1 p.m. Tuesday at the Temple of Aaron Synagogue, 616 S. Mississippi River Blvd.
On Opening Day, 48-year-old Giants fan Bryan Stow was beaten by two Los Angeles fans after the rivals' first game of the season at Dodger Stadium.
Brown sentenced him to 1 year, 1 day in federal prison. She ordered him to undergo three years of post-prison supervision and perform 50 hours of community service. She also encouraged him not to waste his time in prison, earn his GED, and grow up a little.
aggravated battery and aggravated fleeing or attempting to elude a police officer.
The thumping beat lasted long into the night.
Because of the influence of spending by outside groups, Corrado said, it's crucial for candidates to reach beyond their borders for donors. Senators like McCaskill, he said, will need "to raise as much money as they can from wherever they can to defend themselves."
Although Wong Fillmore loves pork, she never uses pig heads, as the Espinozas had done, with the snouts, ears and eyes intact. "They just look at you so balefully, so accusingly," she said. "I couldn't handle it."
Give the house but keep the cash. There is a waiting-period penalty for making a gift within five years of applying to Medicaid for long-term care, determined by dividing the local cost of care into the amount you gave away. So, for example, if care costs $8,000 a month in your state and you gave away $80,000, you would not be eligible for Medicaid for 10 months.
"Chicago Foodies are Even More Batsh-- than New York Foodies" was a recent headline in the Village Voice. There have been reports that tickets for Next (which cost $45 to $75 per person, on average) were selling online for upward of $3,000 for a table.
Boys may be more likely to use steroids and over-the-counter muscle enhancers in an effort to attain a muscular, V-shaped body. Boys who participate in sports that require frequent weigh-ins are also at greater risk for eating disorders.
Neiheiser, who played a starring role in turning Greater Cleveland into Sin City, pleaded guilty recently to bribing three public officials, including former Cuyahoga County Commissioner Jimmy Dimora. He's awaiting sentencing. When that day comes, he's expected to tell the judge that addictions to gambling and alcohol contributed to his behavior.
The draw: This leeward shore beach is another of Oahu's famed surf breaks with good swimming in summer and big waves in winter.
Superior Court Judge Michael Toto denied Altman’s motion, keeping bail at $4 million for the charge of murder and another $150,000 on a charge of hindering her own apprehension. A probable cause hearing was scheduled for April 26.
"I'm a big proponent of it," Scott said. "That was the choice we made in our conference with our championship game. Collegiate atmosphere. Guaranteed sellout. We've said all along preserving the regular season is important. What better way to emphasize the importance of the regular season then having a chance to earn a home game? It's a proven NFL model."
Perhaps what Watkins-Murphy sought to address doesn’t quite rise to what Burke may have conjured when he considered “the triumph of evil,” but the lesson remains. When something isn’t right, the best and bravest thing to do is to stand up, tell the truth and be counted.
The Baby Boutiques are looking for volunteers and donations of items such as car seats, baby carriers and swings, playpens, baby blankets, and smaller items. To donate or to volunteer, call Jamie Willeford, (619) 515-2562 or email jamiew@fhcsd.org.
A bust of Rush Limbaugh would symbolize what the Capitol really is on too many days: a place where women, be they voters, staffers or elected officials, still are treated like second-class citizens.
Jefferey Goebel of Lake St. Louis, Mo., was indicted Thursday and pleaded guilty on Wednesday to a federal charge of removing records from a government office.
* I'm concerned that Brian Robiskie might have taken a step back after going 0 for 1 in the Detroit game. And Mohamed Massaquoi might be coming back this week. It'll be interesting to see if Robiskie is still lining up with the first team at today's practice.
"It was a great day for the Chiefs," linebacker Derrick Johnson said. "Each win, we're getting more and more confident."
Which would be more impressive if 2009 hadn't been so rotten. And the $458 million net income reported in 2010 is a third of the record $1.3 billion farmers and ranchers netted in 2004.
2-6 p.m. Feb. 24, Ellyn Bye Studio, The Armory, 128 N.W. 11th Ave. Suggested donation. 503-331-0301, thirdangle.org
Ladies have some serious eye candy as Channing Tatum explores his pre-Hollywood male stripper days in "Magic Mike," while men get to see Cameron Diaz and Jennifer Lopez being as big as houses in "What to Expect When You're Expecting."
Reports have indicated that Stoudemire could miss the remainder of the series, which the Knicks trail 2-0. He will sit out Game 3 on Thursday at Madison Square Garden and is expected to be evaluated again prior to Game 4 on Sunday.
This year, however, with Congress at its dysfunctional worst, it's different.
After the home run on the first pitch he saw tonight, Wainwright's is .500.
Loeb thinks Yahoo needs a new board.
Motte didn't qualify for a save Saturday because the Cardinals were too far ahead but he needed the work, Lilliquist said. Motte had pitched just once in eight days and really none of the Cardinals' relievers has been overworked, what with the length of most of the starters' appearances and the many off days early in the season.
“No sir,” Jones said.
"It is evident that there have still not been adequate measures of reconciliation to overcome the persistent legacies of the history of oppression and that there is still much healing that needs to be done," he said.
"Earlier risk identification and health education, along with improvements in drug therapies and medical technology, are keeping people with health risks and chronic conditions away from the emergency room," she said.
Harris did not participate in the spring game and was dropped from the depth chart. The violation of team rules removed any opportunity for Harris to enhance his legacy at BC.
"The color, everything on his face — he looked like a new person," she said.
NEW YORK — When a Danish newspaper published inflammatory cartoons of Prophet Muhammad in September 2005, Muslim communities around the world erupted in outrage. Violent mobs took to the streets in the Middle East. A Somali man even broke into the cartoonist's house in Denmark with an ax.
"I'm embarrassed and ashamed that our federal and state government don't do more for them," Mills said.
Lanci has an option to broadcast for 13 weeks, an investment he said is in the low six-figures. He believes donations will help pay to keep the programs on until the election.
"There will be an increase in drug overdoses, babies born drug addicted and child-welfare cases," said Rick Berman, program director at InAct, the Volunteers of America drug treatment program where most drug court offenders enroll.
Cardinals offered, and $44 million is not to be sneezed at. Nor are the weather and beachfront real estate south of Los Angeles, nor is the comforting possibility of spending his declining years as a designated hitter in the American League.
I'm breaking format and offering three Songs of the Day today, instead of one, because I want to write about Marshall Crenshaw's self-titled 1982 debut album, and it has so many great songs on it I couldn't stop at one.
“I haven’t heard anything that (demonstrates) this will serve a public purpose,” Lozuke said, noting Chun was basically asking to finance their dues while other taxpayers would essentially have to foot the bill.
øPerez said Wood eventually left the residence but yelled back through a locked gate.
A crucial element in Zimmerman’s criminal case is whether he racially profiled Martin when he followed him Feb. 26, got into a fight with him and then shot him. Zimmerman denies profiling Martin and claims he shot him to save his own life.
In the intervening time, Microsoft managed to restore most of the missing user data. T-Mobile provided $100 gift cards to affected customers.
While the treatment program had been voluntary in prior years, the current bill leaves the decision up to the judge, who has the authority to mandate drug treatment for non-violent offenders who need it.
One intriguing camp story was who was going to emerge from a group of young running backs to become the main backup to Joe Martinek and perhaps push for time or as a change of pace back.
Chapman eventually would sell back the buildings it doesn't need, including the cathedral, for $23 million.
The Hardwood Suite, located in the Fantasy Tower at Palms Casino Resort, is hoops heaven: an NBA-sized half court with Murphy beds in the walls so you can wake up and start shooting right away – off the floor, off the bedpost, nothing but net!
It's best to store whole grains in a cool place away from light. If you don't use them quickly, store them in the refrigerator or freezer to keep them from becoming rancid, advises Chef Nicole Pederson of C-House restaurant, 166 E. Superior.
Cuyahoga County Prosecutor Bill Mason said in an interview Friday that he also will pledge $5 million from delinquent property taxes, penalties and interest toward the cause, with a million dollars of that money reserved for razing blighted buildings in Cleveland.
About 1,500 people had been scanned for radiation exposure, officials said.
Nick Callaway and his wife, Kari Klapper, are spending $277,350 to renovate the portion of the building they are leasing at 118 W. Fourth St. for their future brewery and tasting room.
Clark Compton's seat isn't up for election this April because of staggered terms. So, if his son wins the election, they would both represent District 1.
This publicity may drum up some unwelcome discomfort in the country's film industry (backed by government), which hopes Bale's upcoming film does well in all markets. There also may be some questions about how wise it was for the A-lister to attempt to visit such a high-profile activist in the first place.
øThursday, Sept. 15: Fever 74, Liberty 72
On the morning of the playground attack, Diquan Allen got into a fight in the hallway at King with the One-Fours gang.
Clearly, Gov. Chris Christie is right to say that Bill Brown, a law student and former Navy SEAL, was rude when he interrupted the governor several times during a news conference last Thursday. But Mr. Brown’s rudeness is no excuse for the governor’s own rudeness and name-calling (“Christie: No regrets on calling vet ‘idiot,’ ” March 13).
Both students were suspended and referred to Maricopa County Juvenile Court on misdemeanor disorderly conduct charges, police said.
The bank said its tax bill rose from $491 million a year ago to $1.39 billion in the first quarter, and insurance claims and liabilities increased by $836 million.
Sales of the Chevrolet Cruze compact fell almost 28 percent to just over 18,000 as it faced growing competition from Ford, Hyundai and others. The Cruze has been a star for GM for more than a year, and April of 2011 was among its strongest months.
“It was going like gangbusters,” said Dave Cippoloni, head of both the robotics team and the academy. “The new administration came in and they shut all these programs down. The robotics program was lost in 2008, and the last year we ran it, we came in first place out of 63 schools.”
For example, the business plan predicts that in 2030, 14,400 passengers per day will board southbound bullet trains in Merced. That's more than the daily departures last year from the busiest Amtrak depot in the United States, Penn Station in New York.
The annual Black and Gold game was moved indoors because of inclement weather. The Black team won 36-20.
Besides New Egypt, the circus will also be appearing in Edison.
Meanwhile, the Cardinals are for making more profits for the ownership.
Because if this is his final home opener, maybe it will help everyone to remember it’s not the first time Rivera moved on. And that itself is worth the day’s loudest cheers.
Ex-Clevelander Tracy Chapman's "Our Bright Future" was nominated for best contemporary folk album.
But Adams played in 11 games and started only four as he got the fewest reps among defensive tackles in the regular rotation, being passed up by rookie Stephen Paea and veteran Matt Toeaina a year after Adams started all 16 games.
"We were brought together out of need," Duddy explains.
Mather: "He said that in the interviews last week."
And it’s the name uttered by City Council members wondering why their anti-crime mayor drives around in a car outfitted with sirens and lights and carries a gun.
MTV apparently decided to air a new episode of "Jersey Shore" on New Year's Eve, but since I couldn't bring myself to program my Tivo to automatically record it, I didn't realize this until yesterday. Better late than never. Well, perhaps that's not true in this case ...
Mayor Cory Booker and Gov.-elect Chris Christie rode around the city tonight on patrol after a news conference at the Newark Public Safety Complex on Orange Street.
During preseason, teams were required to show players a video to educate them on the dangers of head injuries and to alert them of warning signs. Irving notified Cavaliers trainer Max Benton of his headache and how he felt progressively worse as tipoff approached Wednesday.
"He was certainly a role model, and we mourn that loss," said Councilman Gary Felien.
That is what the next two years of my governorship will be dedicated to every day. We have climbed out of the hole that was left to us – together. Now it is time to raise the great flag of the State of New Jersey as high as we can – together.
Presidential historian Richard Norton Smith said Michelle Obama is "tremendously valuable as a political asset." He compared her to Laura Bush, a first lady who enjoyed higher public regard than her husband, Republican President George W. Bush.
So it must feel like 35 — nay, 36 — years?
He said one guest was injured when he jumped from the window of his room.
Most consumers rush to get the hot new cellphone—every 17 months on average, according to J.D. Power and Associates, a marketing-information company. Device makers like Apple, Motorola and Nokia—as well as cellphone carriers—constantly advertise the latest models and fastest service. Still, the holdouts cling to obsolete models with clunky designs.
"The caucuses are very much more grass-roots, organized, structured type politics," said state Sen. Scott Rupp, R-Wentzville, a Santorum supporter. "There is a very high possibility that those candidates that are very organized on a grass-roots level will have the best showing."
"Too often you find brands trip themselves up in getting the cadence wrong," said Nenow, a former distance runner who held the U.S. 10,000-meter record from 1986 to 2001.
"You ain't gonna use that." Toss.
That could be right. It doesn't appear the Buckeyes' bye week -- they don't play again until hosting Wisconsin on Oct. 29 -- includes rebuilding Miller's mechanics. Footwork and throwing motion were conversation topics throughout the career of former QB Terrelle Pryor, but Miller arrived in Columbus with a more polished delivery. Nearly every one of his games, however, has included at least one flutterball.
Jelly: Preferred usage of jelly geeks. "They aren't really fish, are they?" Patry says.
Lee Fields and the Expressions: 8 p.m. Magic Stick, 4120 Woodward, Detroit. 313-833-9700. $10.
"That was something my mom really wanted me to do, so I had to do it for her," he says of his mother, Pattie Mallette. "I mean, this kind of lifestyle has given me a different perspective on life."
"I know that was a serious point of frustration with him, trying to change the system," Jackson said. "It's damn near impossible unless you just ram it through. I'm very supportive of him, but you could have made Jesus Christ mayor with this environment and he may have turned water into wine but he couldn't do anything with this."
"The dish says a lot about women and cooking," she said. "The flowers are an expression of tenderness and that is a feeling we create through our cuisine."
Baldelli made contact, a ground ball that bounced first on the infield turf and then the dirt but went through the hole between short and third. "I didn't get the good part of the bat on the ball," Baldelli said. "But it was the first time I actually put a ball in play decent off him."
A comfortable fit University Hospitals Ahuja Medical Center put the finishing touch on its top management team recently with the appointment of Dawn Gubanc-Anderson, who became the director of nursing and clinical operations late last month.
The scheme: Providing free plumbing work at Dimora's house in exchange for a raise for a county worker.
Formerly a writer, editor and graphic designer/illustrator for Appalachian Regional Healthcare in Lexington, Johnson is now a full-time artist running a gallery he owns in Versailles.
This was not how I envisioned my weekend getaway to Calistoga: chin-deep in a mixture of volcanic ash, natural peat and geothermal water; covered head-to-toe in mud — and enjoying every minute of it.
In four short years, InkStop had gone from a concept on paper to a retail phenomenon with 152 stores in 14 states -- including 16 in Northeast Ohio -- ringing up brisk sales even as its big box rivals were struggling.
<U+2660>K 5 4
By January 2010, when an indictment was brought up, 19 women had come forward to accuse Lewis of inappropriate sexual touching, even rape, during office examinations and surgical procedures. He was indicted on 61 counts, including sexual abuse, misdemeanor assault and one count of sexual assault.
Vera starts off as the maid and confidante of Gloria Mitchell (the riotous Stephanie J. Block, from "9 to 5"), who's dubbed "America's little sweetie pie." To meet the expectations of emigré director Maximillian Von Oster (Kevin Isola, with a wavering accent), the resourceful, articulate Vera pretends to be a tragic, blues-singing woman from the Delta -- and gets hired supporting Gloria in "The Belle of New Orleans."
“He could have just blocked me out of his life, period, if that’s what he chose to do,” Curtis Martin Sr. said. “I thank God he is a forgiving son, a forgiving person, and he let me back in.”
Part A: Marital History
Tournament Record: 21-22, 23 years.
Compared with driving undistracted, text messaging increases the chances of crashing by a factor of 23. In 2009, nearly 5,500 people were killed on U.S. roadways because of distracted driving and 448,000 were injured.
"That's why I had such a good relationship with Tolman. I've known him since my playing days. He wasn't afraid of telling me anything whether I was going to tell him 'No, I'm not doing that or that might be a good idea.'"
The Seattle-based coffee chain said in a blog post on its website Thursday that it made the decision to reformulate its drinks after feedback from consumers prompted a "thorough" evaluation.
Mindiola said focusing on the immigration debate is smart since the issues dominate coverage on Spanish-language media and resonate with many U.S.-born Latinos.
Despite all the fun, Osteen doesn't hire just anybody.
BERKELEY HEIGHTS — Brandon Thomas has worked as a custodian at Runnells Specialized Hospital for the past three years. But in less than a month, he and the entire housekeeping, laundry and dietary staffs are to be laid off and their departments privatized, according to county plans.
"Don't do that book," Margolin said, laughing. "He told me there was a young guy with a book coming out in a couple of months that had a similar plot, and it would look like I was copying him."
The new law, for example, requires hospitals to have comprehensive electronic medical record systems by 2014 or face reductions in their Medicare reimbursements. The systems cost millions for smaller health systems and more than $1 billion for a large one such as Novi-based Trinity Health, a national health system in 10 states, including Michigan.
More coverage: The Internet buzzed after Kate Middleton and the fictional Bella Swan (in the "Twilight" movie) wore wedding gowns with long sleeves. Would strapless gowns topple from their perch? Not exactly. "You put a sleeve in the gown and to get a beautiful fit you need a tight armhole, and that really eliminates movement," Durham said. "I've seen brides spin their arms around like a propeller when they're dancing. Sleeves hinder that." Kate's example is being felt, however. Cap sleeves are gaining popularity, as are illusion necklines, as in a strapless dress with a sheer overlay that rises to a boat neck. Longer veils are back, too. More than three in every four women in a David's Bridal survey conducted last fall planned to wear a veil. Many brides are wearing their hair partially down with a veil, as did Middleton, for a modern twist.
Opening the Olympics to the NBA has been great for basketball on a global scale. Lost in the influx of mercenaries, however, has been the be-all and end-all nature of the Olympics in most sports.
"You come in and put your work in and just try to keep everything in control and in perspective," Roberts said. "That's it. Everything else you can't really control."
"We thought it was 70 percent," said Mayor Michael Levitt, who said he learned of the discrepancy on Friday
But as the smartphone market rapidly shifts its emphasis from hardware to software, the Korean manufacturer is realizing it must change its insular corporate culture.
For most of the rest of the day, it was Michigan in mourning as it futilely pursued Smith on the gallop or tried blunting his assault on its secondary.
The proposed course schedule to graduate with an associate's degree would have a high school sophomore student taking college-level biology, a junior taking college-level psychology and a senior taking college-level English among other classes.
Last week, you may recall, Reed complained loudly about the city's Building and Housing Department and questioned allowing it to administer the program.
The tips, on their own, can seem meaningless: A driver on Interstate 95 sees someone looking at a bridge; a beat cop notices a car parked outside a chemical plant one day, then outside a second one the next; a security guard wonders why someone is buying 200 pounds of fertilizer.
We took the bulb home and planted it in our garden. Although we no longer own that home, I imagine that Ruby's daffodil still blooms today-a reminder of how the power of appreciation can change our lives. Rising through the crust of wintry soil, the daffodil opens toward the warming light. It is a sign of what God is doing in our world, a reminder of the stubborn persistence of God's grace.
Q. Why turn to a website to find an assisted-living home? Wouldn't talking to others in the area, visiting the place, do as well?
Anyone with information can contact sheriff's investigators at 408-808-4500, the anonymous tip line at 408-808-4431 or email tips@sheriff.sccgov.org.
I need to stress this because I have received a number of emails wondering if my lack of progress is traceable to "big box'' training methods. Siebert works out of LifeTime Fitness Beachwood, a so-called "big-box'' center.
"The proposal they're talking about is a dream world," said Rep. Rob Bishop, R-Utah.
He suggested that "instead of people whining," the ODRC should offer some ideas about reducing costs. "I guess the system is just great over at the department of corrections," he said sarcastically.
Shots on goal: George Washington 0-1 — 1; Denver East 5-9 — 14. Saves: George Washington (McGovern) 5-8 — 13; Denver East (Sally) 0-1 — 1. Offside: George Washington 0-1 — 1; Denver East 3-3 — 6. Corner kicks: George Washington 0-0 — 0; Denver East 1-1 — 2. Fouls: George Washington 3-0 — 3; Denver East 3-2 — 5. Yellow card: LaPorta, DE, 76th.
Compounding matters in recent years, rains have increased the amount of upstream runoff water entering the lake from Indian Bend Wash or the Salt River. Runoff can carry waste, which contributes to algae growth and makes it difficult to maintain pH levels and water-quality standards for year-round swimming.
"Not very far from where I am now, is a walk I go on very often. There's a very remote dale with nothing there, but you can see this strange house with a lime kiln. I started imagining what happened there in a bygone age."
The agriculture industry in the United States employs about 1.1 million people. Last year, 56,000 guest farmworkers entered the country under the federal H-2A visa program, which farmers have long decried as cumbersome and inefficient.
Gary Sefcik, North Royalton, 1/11, Mahall's Lanes.
San Mateo police have arrested a 36-year-old kung fu instructor who is suspected of fondling two female students, ages 9 and 11, and are trying to determine whether there are other alleged victims.
Penn State reverberates
"From a general perspective in this difficult funding environment to take down the one toll we have seems like a step in the wrong direction," Leithead said before the vote.
Other legislative branch employees also would be subject to the ban, but only those who are required to file annual financial disclosure statements would be subject to the reporting requirement. For 2012, employees making $119,554 or more are required to file disclosure statements..
Direct: The ability to fly direct can drastically reduce ticket costs, leaving more money available to enjoy additional attractions, or perhaps splurge on an evening of fine dining. One North American destination with a number of direct-access flights is Montreal. The city has a fair amount of international style, and is well known for its food, festivals and other forms of fun. Urban centers aren't necessarily the only options for direct flights, however. Bangor, Maine residents looking for a bit of sun and sand can hop direct flights to Clearwater, Fla., where they can enjoy world-class beaches, a bit of theater and visit with Winter, the world-famous dolphin.
All three denied they received the bills from ALEC. Kyrillos, who said his bill came from a pro-charter-school parent advocacy group in California, and Handlin, who said she got her bill from New Hampshire, are not ALEC members.
Sharon Liese is a reality producer based in Overland Park who spends a lot of time around teenagers. She filmed <U+0093>High School Confidential<U+0094> in Blue Valley and is doing a sequel in Chicago.
Now that we've bonded, I ask, "How can we coach readers to stop reading and start getting their stuff together?"
It was Gudauskas's second key aerial of the World Tour. At stop in Teahupoo, Tahiti in September, Gudauskas had faced a similar situation to Pipeline. Teahupoo has what's generally considered the heaviest wave on the tour, a long left over a dangerous reef that surfers normally thread as fast as they can.
Since then, I have made it a custom to make homemade Valentine's for special people who have touched my life, so if you received one this year you'll know why.
Nearly a third of all consumers in this market, which is widely seen as more problem-plagued than the market serving employers, will be eligible for a rebate.
"People," Moffatt said, "blame the campaign."
Patterson allegedly made an admission to River Forest police, which made it easier for prosecutors to approve felony charges, sources said.
Erdmann has one more reward coming for his play in the PNC, which he led after the third round and lost in a three-man playoff. He earned a spot in the PGA Cup matches, a Ryder Cup-style team event for club professionals. Erdmann will play on the U.S. team that will take on team from Great Britain and Ireland. The matches run Sept. 16-18 in San Martin, Calif.
Ron Little, the district's chief financial officer, sits on the VEBA board of directors. He said the district's labor contracts are unusual in that they designate a specific organization for obtaining health benefits.
Finally, the family likes Sterling and feels there is a strong cultural fit between the two institutions.
"I think she didn't want to share him," said Cooley, 18. "She wanted him all to herself."
Responding to the OLS report, Christie spokesman Michael Drewniak said, “Our track record on revenue projections has been right on the last two years. On the other hand, the Democrats’ pie-in-the-sky budget last year overshot by an eye-popping $900 million. That’s got to tell you something, and it tells us that we’ll stick with our projections.”
"The myth of the West is that of rugged individualism, but if our past has taught us anything, it's that we need community to survive," he says. "Interdependence is the way we succeed here, and a few of the stories we chose are about what happens when community breaks down."
But the lack of crowds, gorgeous vistas and up-close encounters with animals, including a foraging grizzly bear that led us to make a quick retreat, more than compensated for the cold and snow.
-- Pretty even numbers across the board in many areas: bench points (6), fast break points (4) and assists (5). The Blazers won the rebounding battle in the quarter, 12-9.
FitzGerald has made the layoffs methodically, studying county needs and job classifications. More layoffs are expected, as the first year of charter government draws to a close.
McCarthy said the proposal would constitute a "side letter agreement" for 2011, which would not require the union to re-open its contract.
The research has been compiled in a database aimed at developing strategies for long-term solutions.
Arizona never has been a strong source or recipient of venture capital. So it's not surprising that metro Phoenix ranked eighth out of 10 comparable metro areas for the amount of venture capital received last year, according to numbers provided by the National Venture Capital Association.
But before opting for shares in the merged company, which keeps the Diamond name, investors should take a closer look at its historical business: walnuts. Diamond uses multi-year contracts that allow it to set walnut prices unilaterally—a practice that is causing uproar among growers.
Wymore also will be competing with established brewers this weekend at the St. Louis Brewers Heritage Festival in Forest Park.
On March 30 and April 2, Leaf was arrested in Montana for twice stealing oxycodone from homes in the Great Falls, Mont. area. Monday, legal authorities in Texas issued a bench warrant for Leaf's arrest for violating probation and have stated that Leaf is now considered a fugitive from justice.
Hybrid-happy Portland is one of the nation's leaders in the cars' sales per capita, a statistic that Elizabeth Rousseau-Rooney, president of the Oregon chapter of the National Federation for the Blind, said puts pedestrians here at risk.
3/4 cup shaved coconut, unsweetened
The top-rated plan is only available to partners in the Bryan Cave law firm, a universe of 400-some people. The top 10 also contains some large plans, though: Peabody Energy has 5,100 participants and Ameren has 9,800.
After Bauer sold off the newly bought stock — once it had rocketed in value — he’d make the payoffs in cash, which he took out of various ATMs in increments, according to authorities.
"When they recruit, they get everyone they want," Tedford said of coach Mack Brown's program. "People are standing in line to go to Texas."
But that was last week's press release.
Aerified this week: Ancil Hoffman, Castle Oaks, Cordova, Dry Creek
While steep, the cuts pale in comparison to last year's devastating reductions, which included cutting nine calendar days from the school year.
Address: 101 N. First Ave., Suite 1600, Phoenix, 85003.
The 21st annual MTV Movie Awards will be presented June 3 at the Gibson Amphitheatre in Universal City and broadcast live on MTV.
And while the Orlando-area Roman Catholic population grew, Catholics declined overall in Florida by 82,309. The increase in the Orlando Diocese has been credited largely to the area's growth in Hispanics, who are overwhelmingly Catholic.
He was entitled to a little emotion after keeping his composure while shutting down Boston's resurgent offense and picking up his first major league win when the Oakland Athletics beat the Red Sox 5-3 on Tuesday night.
50220 Nantwich Dr., $268,000
"They have so many talented kids over on the East side," Newgent said. "We knew coming in that every single line was going to have speed and three solid skaters that could get the puck in deep, bang and score goals."
Late Tuesday
Holmgren acknowledged that the next step is to "get starters with those draft picks at other positions this year and to help our quarterbacks who are now existing on the team, or anybody else who would come onto the team. That's what we're doing."
As Zaitchik notes, Beck has urged his loyalists to read books by his fave Mormon author, W. Cleon Skousen, which he has deemed "divinely inspired." Skousen's oeuvre includes the history text "The Making of America: The Substance and Meaning of the Constitution," which calls African-American children "pickaninnies" and pitied the poor American slave owners as the "worst victims" of slavery. And he has treated listeners to taped insight of former Mormon president Ezra Taft Benson, who considered the civil-rights movement a "communist conspiracy" meant to ruin America.
The yen has softened since then, with the dollar rising to ¥78.93 late Thursday from ¥77.41 on Monday. But even so, some argue that the Bank of Japan's efforts aren't big enough to make ...
Where: Mac's Backs Bookstore, 1820 Coventry Rd., Cleveland Heights.
With three talented, dual-threat quarterbacks onboard, Oregon coach Chip Kelly could have some tough decisions to make in the coming years. Gimenez said Rodrigues must continue to work hard in order to get into the quarterback race in the near future.
Gebauer, then 79 and an unlicensed dentist, had just fatally shot a man, and prosecutors suggested that the prayers reflected his remorse.
Back then, the state’s largest newspaper opined: “taxes are too high as it is…”
House Republicans proclaimed the same message when they reclaimed the majority in the 2010 fall election. They now hold a 59-40 advantage.
The City Club is still scheduling events with candidates in other statewide races.
Even if the ingredients in the dish are healthful, the menu item can contain twice as much energy (calories) as our body needs, which can lead to weight gain over time.
The name of the restaurant is Zanzibar Soul Fusion, but the subtitle could be The Great Migration Moves North, Achieves Success in Cleveland, and Serves Up a Characteristic Feast.
His bright peculiar flame no longer burns.
"You will not believe the level of acting and singing from some of these students," he says. "They compete at the same level as our friend Richard. Unbelievable!"
Outside analysts have been more skeptical, and the mistake has breathed energy into the push to toughen financial regulations. Dimon did say that he should have been paying closer attention.
Baby bike seats, which generally accommodate children weighing up to 48 pounds, can be somewhat of a challenge to the parent cyclist. Peterson suggests parents make initial trial runs with the child in the seat on a quiet bike path to gauge how they do and how the child is doing.
"We have decided that Keala will no longer be with the team," Sendek said in a statement. "We wish him nothing but the best in his future."
However, you may still fish for groundfish (inside 30 fathoms) as long as you don't keep any halibut you catch.
"They've made it clear to us that we are on the right track," he said.
St. Edward owns the No. 2 spot in both the Amateur Wrestling News and Intermat.com polls. It is expected to face consensus No. 1 Blair (N.J.) Academy in a dual-meet tournament Jan. 14 in Brodheadsville, Pa.
James, who spent the past two days expressing a possible willingness to return to Cleveland in two years, made himself at home in The Q. He scored 28 points and registered four dunks, five assists, five rebounds and a third-quarter blocked shot on Cavs rookie guard Kyrie Irving before sitting out the entire fourth quarter.
At about 3:30 p.m., firefighters from a multitude of departments responded to a call reporting the roof of the Cowboyz Bar and Grill at 6030 Main Street in the western metro exurb was on fire, according to the Wright County Sheriff's Office.
BREAKING & ENTERING, LIBERTY AVENUE: Prescription medications were stolen late April 26 or early April 27 from an unlocked vehicle parked in a driveway.
Environment in our schools is very important to help learn and thrive. A teen needs a happy, and caring environment to be able to learn and pay attention. If kids are being bullied then all they focus on is the problems they are having with other kids.
It’s also, of course, a job. Farmiga has a house, a family and a bunch of animals to feed; horror pictures like "Orphan" aren’t done solely for love of craft.
Dorsey is an atypical model for a number of reasons, the most prominent one is that she hates telling people that she's a model. She said that there's really no way of nonchalantly talking about a modeling career without 'sounding like you're bragging or something.
The winners will meet for the title Sunday at 10:30 a.m.
And second, we should use the revenues wisely. If most of the carbon revenues are refunded to households, on an equal per capita basis, then a large majority of Americans, including the average household in every state, will come out ahead. That is, the refunds will be larger than the amount you pay for carbon emissions -- regardless of how high the price is set.
In other words, Foxx didn't say there was no reason for the average student loan burden of $25,000; she was saying that borrowing is a choice and that young people shouldn't take out huge student loans that they cannot repay.
‘‘We'll see what we're made of,'' Noah said.
“It’s a great place,’’ O’Brien said. “It was pretty neat for me to run out with that team. I’m very excited to be a part of this Penn State football family.’’
Angels update: They have lost four straight and seven of their past nine games. Albert Pujols has not homered in 76 at-bats, his longest streak without a dinger to open the season. Haren went 1-0 with a 1.16 ERA and 28 strikeouts in 23 1/3 innings last year against the Tribe. Santana threw a no-hitter against them last year.
“We speak as one voice to them,” he said. “There is no messing around with that.”
And Dotson said their could be a huge backlash for the state in terms of being able to hire and retain well-qualified educators.
"It's (expletive) by the league not to schedule it," Cuban said.
Human Services Commissioner Jennifer Velez, who testified before the committee, said she and representatives from the state Department of Education have been meeting with Catholic Charities, a nonprofit social service agency, to discuss ways nonprofit groups can exercise more "budget flexibility" to keep the programs viable as enrollment fluctuates.
The afternoon we arrived we stayed in the dunes shooting the sunset and the moonrise until it got dark. The next evening, the wind came up and performed its magic, wiping out the hundreds of footprints scattered across the sand. When we returned at sunrise, we found dunes so pristine that they looked as though no human ever had crossed them.
A new think tank at the New Jersey Institute of Technology aims to tackle this thorny issue. Called the Leir Center for Financial Bubble Research, the group’s eight professors are looking to develop tools for forecasting financial bubbles and advising investors and policymakers on what to do when one is swelling on the horizon.
Hometown: Plymouth
"Makes you ill in your stomach," Rachel says. "It's awful, the first time you know it's Alzheimer's."
The gravy was popular by the 1930s, writes John Mariani in "The Dictionary of American Food and Drink" (Hearst Books, 1994 edition). He reports that the gravy "takes its name from the appearance of a 'red eye' in the middle of the reduced gravy." Among its other names: red ham gravy and frog-eye gravy.
That leaves lust, which rears its head, too. However, DiIorio makes genuine love a possibility between two of his three characters. By the time his two-plus hours play comes to a close, he’s certainly made clear what each party is genuinely feeling.
It's an investment in the future, kind of like the ball club extending Asdrubal Cabrera's contract for another two years.
He started working on his first house, a fixer-upper he bought in college, to save money. "I had to learn to do it, or it wasn't going to get done," he said. Over the years, he has taught himself by reading books, watching home-improvement TV shows and talking to experts.
Suspicious person/circumstances. 6:03 p.m. Sunday. Alicia Parkway and Moulton Parkway.
Q: Your involvement in the Young Presidents Organization (YPO) has been crucial at many points in your life. Please describe it and how you are involved with the group today.
They found a 1938-built brick colonial that has had only three previous owners. It was a smaller home; Johnson and his wife Libby didn’t need much more since their five children were either in college or had graduated from college.
BRODY'S CRANBERRY-PUMPKIN MUFFINS
Kate Miller is the best position player in New York City and no one outside the Ivy League knows who she is. The Fieldston shortstop will be well known in the college version of the Ivy League next year – she has committed to play at Princeton. Before that, though, the Eagles are off to their best start in awhile, courtesy of a big win over Horace Mann on Wednesday in which Miller actually pitched.
Such allegations are rare, she says.
Emanuel got along great with Downstate legislators last year. He courted them, flattered them and worked with them every chance he got, and many of them supported his legislative agenda. But then a few weeks ago the mayor announced that he wanted a new law to register all the handguns in Illinois. The mayor scored some routine political points with his gun-hating Chicago constituents, but he infuriated Downstaters, and the resulting explosion was cataclysmic.
The Superjet -- a 75- to 95-seat plane -- was being touted as a challenger to similar-sized jets from Canada's Bombardier Inc. and Brazil's Embraer SA.
Meanwhile John Radich, district child welfare manager in Lane County, says caseworkers are taking more time assessing abuse reports and managers "are sending workers back."
(Note: List updated April 26 to remove Perry. The levy there is for the library.)
"I'm a pretty conservative guy," said Kevin Merritt, a 31-year-old software developer from the Dallas suburb of Frisco, who cast his ballot for Medina because he liked her goal of lowering property taxes and disliked Perry's support of a now-dead project to build a huge system of toll roads.
"In that case, you had extra fatty tissue, and now you just have extra skin," Medalie says. "But some men have had this since they were 16 or so, and it's not related to skin and fat. That is true gynecomastia, which means breast development, not just of skin and fat, but of glandular tissue."
Drinks: My mother was intrigued by the iced tea ($2), a lovely green tea laced with blackberry and jasmine. Kitchen 56 uses the fine China Mist teas, a line based in Scottsdale.
The family website, abbysfightforlife.com, on Friday described her as optimistic with "a desire to be independent and keep moving forward."
I’m headed to France to meet my niece. While I’m gone, my husband, a reluctant gardener, will water the seeds. He is a most diligent waterer. Every morning after breakfast he fills our birdbaths. He also takes the night’s batch of dehumidifier water from the basement and pours it on whatever bush or tree he thinks needs a little extra. He keeps a watchful eye on the 10 rhododendrons planted under the tall Japanese zelkova. Rain often misses them.
To make it all work, authors waived their royalties. Publishers and printers made special editions of the books and donated them to the project. UPS delivered them free to bookstores and libraries, which agreed to be pickup points for volunteers. Some stores even hosted parties.
Pictures are worth a thousand words.
In July 2003, the United States took heat but also quieted most conspiracy theorists by releasing graphic photos of the corpses of Saddam Hussein's two powerful sons to prove American forces had killed them.
After this, the hard part will be hanging in there until the ride is over. There are only four more climbs, and you will begin to wonder near the end if you are ever going to get back to that darn park.
<U+0093>I was, frankly, offended by it,<U+0094> Karl Rove said Monday on Fox News. <U+0093>I<U+0092>m a huge fan of Clint Eastwood, I thought it was an extremely well-done ad, but it is a sign of what happens when you have Chicago-style politics.<U+0094>
-- Jeremy, Morrison
The band performs on Aug. 8.
Loveland at Brighton, 7 p.m.
It was the most lopsided postseason win for the Spurs since beating the Nuggets by 28 in 2005. San Antonio's playoff record is a 40-point victory over Denver in 1983.
Ginsberg spent most of her childhood believing her family was destitute. “My mother talked constantly about we didn’t have money for this, we didn’t have money for that,” Ginsberg recalls. “She bought everything on sale and would say, ‘We just have $1 to spend on meat.’ I always felt ashamed that we were poor.”
5. Hector Jimenez, California
In Sydney trading, Australia & New Zealand Banking Group sank 4.5%, after it delivered a trading update that showed only a mild rise in third-quarter profit, accompanied by a 39% drop in trading income.
After picking up my rental car in medieval Millau and driving for 20 minutes through a handful of stone villages, a green billboard pointed uphill to the cheese caves. Nearby, I spotted the unsung, fuzzy heroine of our story, the Lacaune ewe (from the neighboring Monts de Lacaune). I stopped my ewe-sized Renault to admire this sturdy breed whose fatty milk is essential to Roquefort production.
Ms. Sebelius had the authority to do so, but that doesn't mean it was a good idea. Given the medical risks and financial consequences of unplanned teenage pregnancies, her decision advances neither public health nor the public interest.
OCFA Engineer Lloyd Pinel, for example, would have to wait for the next available flight from Third Lake, Ill., The 21-year veteran's home is a 30-minute drive from Lake Michigan, but more than a three-hour flight from his station in Buena Park.
Also, think about my job. I'm a reporter. I have to be able to hear people. I've had people call and threaten to sue me. "I just read the paper! You totally misquoted me! I never said that!"
He is, too.
Fans can take tours of the brand new Diamond Club, opening on the suite level this season. The Diamond Club is a large hospitality suite located behind the home plate area for groups to entertain or host meetings.
Antoine McClain, Clemson, OG: McClain was a three-year started and saw action in 54 games during his college career, but that experience and his size (6-foot-5, 330 pounds) wasn’t enough for him to get drafted. He played mostly right guard at Clemson and developed a reputation as a physical run blocker with long arms and big, strong hands. The questions on him concern his athleticism and balance. He’ll be part of the Ravens’ offensive line competition in training camp, one of the offseason’s biggest storylines.
County election officials have opposed early voting provisions in the past out of concern about the added expense and workload. But they are neutral on this year's bill.
"He just walked around on the rocks outside his home, smoking and talking on his cellphone," said Shannon Dillard, 36, who lives on the block of the Harbinson home. "That is all he did, whether it was 1 a.m. in the morning or 12 p.m. in the afternoon."
After the ceremony the happy husband and wife spent the afternoon chasing each other, and snacking on dog treats while their owners and two legged guests danced and mingled.
Nicole Brossoie, spokeswoman for the department of Human Services that runs the state’s $5 billion Medicaid program, said last week the impact of losing out on the reimbursement was unclear. Revisions have been made since the state filed the application in September.
The Minutemen went 5-6 in 2011, their final year as an FCS program. Former Notre Dame offensive coordinator Charley Molnar replaced Kevin Morris as head coach last December. Molnar graduated from Lock Haven University in 1984. He served on the Bald Eagles’ coaching staff from 1984-86.
Competition between siblings are always going to be a part of growing up. However, if it's turning into something negative and sends out unhealthy vibes between the two of them, talk with their teachers and other family members about keeping a positive outlook regarding each child's accomplishments. For example, if one performs much better in an activity, school work, or whatever, try to emphasize a balance during the praise process by making sure that the other child also receives just as much interaction with positive feedback and compliments when a specific effort or goal is achieved.
Happy hour: 2-8 p.m. daily. The Sacramento River and Elk Grove restaurants have extended late-night happy hours from 2-11 p.m. Sunday through Thursday and 2 p.m.-midnight Friday and Saturday.)
The goal, at 7:05 of the period, was Ottawa's third on 20 power play chances to that point.
The company also plans to lay off 100 workers at its prescription processing center in Bensalem. The Pennsylvania operations had among the highest labor costs in the company, largely because of union contracts, company officials said.
Brooks also admitted that he conspired with other members and associates of the Fruit Town and Brick City Brims to sell heroin on the streets of Paterson, the proceeds of
You are weak. Far more powerful sources have tried to terminate me and have failed. And yet you little ants think you are mightier than the aardvark.
DAY 22– Love is Faithful
And the worst part is that it was also the "good" guys portraying this behaviour.
MARI
Anyway, by the time I went to bed last night, I was wishing for a do-over of the day. No, I didn't yell at anyone or fly off the handle, or stomp around. But I had a spell of miserable-ness that started with those thoughts of things like, "this is too much."..."I am tired of doing this AGAIN", and so on. I therefore missed out on things I should have been doing, like talking to these guys, ect. blah. But sometimes one has to learn the hard way. It is so easy to sit here and type how the kids are more important than the house...but when things start getting messy, what do I do? I see I need much more longsuffering, much more patience, more kindness.
I was tempted though. Because I’d already witnessed the power of the GAD Fastpass at work, and I was NOT afraid to use that puppy. But for some insane reason, there is no actual Fastpass line in Disney’s restaurants. Yet. Chili’s and Outback, yes. Only it’s known as “Call Ahead Seating” and it brings me almost as much joy to pass up 20 suckers trying to share one long upholstered bench as it does to pass up a line of suckers waiting in the Stand By line at any one of our favorite Disney rides.
I'll be honest, I haven't had many Oakshire beers and Ill Tempered Gnome doesn't rock my socks either. O'Dark is an amazing beer! To the Doc, it encompasses what a CDA or whatever we want to call it this week, should be. It's roasty, it's hoppy and it has great depth. Period. Don't have my tasting notes, but it makes a statement that others should be compared too. This is the epitome of NW brewing. Big, overblown, off balance and obnoxious. Finesse, artistic balance not in the cards here.
When it’s appropriate to say, it tends to come across to the person needing to hear it as,
She's a clever cookie, takes after her Dad, recently requesting climbing equipment for presents. That's easy, I thought, you can never spend too much money on beer or climbing equipment. Of course, the detail of exactly what to get would require a little bit of thought. Given that the weather this time of year is unpredictable, climbing gear might not get used until the summer and an all weather solution was needed.
First of all we would like to welcome the very talented
But the day for some of these things is not now...And I have to tell my heart to be patient, because these things will come...They always have in the past...So I know the future only holds great things for him.
Picture this: Writer, in pyjamas, swathed in blankets, in darkened cave. Note, the blinds are remain drawn and the protesting orchids have had to be moved out. The blankets, I should add, are frequently over the writer’s head. The heater is on full blast. The writer, it appears, has created some sort of bookwomb. No, not bookworm (though there might be some of them lurking between the covers too).
I also did an experiment like this on Voices.com, but you’ll have to wait until next week to hear about it.
Clare Tucker, prosecuting, said during that hearing: ‘These charges relate to the sexual exploitation of girls between 11 and 16 across the Oxford area over a period of several years.’
"I'm supposed to tell the whole truth," William said.
But I'm going to try to push past that and say....I have no idea what I'm doing.
I know what you’re thinking because I was thinking the same thing.
So maybe it is a form of dependence. But so what if it is? It’s kept me young, kept me going all these years.
They sit down in their bullet proof cars, and staggering mansions, while the people who elected them are being slaughtered into limbs and heads on the streets. We have become puns in the hands of these animals masquerading as leaders.
with packed pink linens
a side story --
Shut up and give us our money back.
But then something clicked. And she knew she had to change before something terrible happened. And the toilet seat breaking was a symbol of other things that could have broken — a sign that it was time to pull it together. So she took those initial steps to get her life back. It was hard.
The TEKKEN® Hybrid Extreme Edition also includes:
is the importance of making a timeline with written painful memories & emotions.
A Serious Man
After a perfect dinner we walked a few blocks to The Upstairs and I finally got to see my drawings hung up in their wonderful group show. I also had an absinthe cocktail that was outrageously delicious. After our drink we started wandering generally towards the hotel and came upon Cinerama where they just happened to be playing 2001: A Space Odyssey which I have never seen. Even though it was late we decided to go for it. It doesn’t hurt that this place has chocolate popcorn.
I have used it as a replacement for flours in most of my recipes (1 for 1).
Lastly I have these sweet little vintage tattoo inspired LOVE charms. Freaking cute, eh?
Ahhh... the complexities of the internet! How often do you go looking for one thing and end up in a completely different place then you intended, but all the happier for it? I just posted about how I found Kristi's guest post (from last year) on a blog I hadn't seen before called Magnolia Rouge. I just finished telling my sister this morning how the gals down under have a definite swish vibe that goes largely unacknowledged in the North American fashion world. When it comes to weddings, I often find inspiration from the Koala Continent before I find it stateside. I live in a town where we get a ridiculous number of Aussies and Kiwis that arrive for the perpetual winter (since theirs ends when ours begins) and let me tell you, they are a stylin' people! Magnolia Rouge is definitely right up my alley, but what really got my attention was that there looks to be a new eMag in the works! My other passion is interior design and architecture... and in that world there are now plenty of online magazines that came into play when the glossy world fell apart a couple of years ago. I guess I am surprised at how long it has taken for the wedding industry to catch on... but then, it's not that there aren't any out there... just that there are not many that I have really been drawn to.
Dear Fruitloopmum fans. I have just encountered a brand new way of shopping. Guy’s stick with me here, cos it’s not just some woman’s thing ok? It’s awesome. It’s inspired. Plus, I bloody well wish I had thought of it and sold the idea to retail establishments cos it’s gonna be an absolute CRACKER! And my god, how much fun is this?
When I received the new Haberdashery stamp plate from Glenda, I knew that I wanted to decorate a box with compartments in which to place all of the elements. I didn't have one the right size, so I set about making one myself from grey board. I cut two pieces of 8" x 8", and trimmed squares from the top one before glueing them together. I painted the piece with acylic paint, and dry brushed it with a small amount of cream paint, to give it a distressed, aged feel. I then added some of Lesley's new lovely Chic Script paper as a background.
The question was - with which child do you identify? We began to talk about what is the nature of the <U+05E8><U+05E9><U+05E2> (rasha, the wicked child) - is this someone who is really wicked or is called wicked for other reasons? A.'s mother said yes, the rasha really is wicked - he separates himself from the community and scorns its values. This follows what the traditional haggadah text says of the wicked child (my translation):
Do you have any special ways to beat the hype of excessive gifts?
Jiu Jitsu Brotherhood – I don’t like the squished, rounded typeface nor the internal beveling of this version of the Jiu Jitsu Brotherhood logo, yet this design perfectly represents founder Nic Gregoriades. The light blue recalls the colours of Greece. Nic also uses an Uroborus, an ancient greek symbol of harmony and rebirth (similar to the Japanese circle/ring of many other Jiu Jitsu logos). The Uroborus suggests ancient brotherhoods seeking the secrets to enlightenment, perfect for the modern-day equivalent seeking the same through the practice of Jiu Jitsu.
Thought it would be fun to track my body and weight after having baby girl. This was taken on Thursday. Exactly 2 weeks after giving birth. I'm probably sucking it in a little but there you go.
Clash! The fierce pounding at the door awoke me from a dream of chariots at the Circus Maximus exploding along the well-trodden, scorching sand... I splashed a little water onto my face to fully waken me from the dream, before, dressed only in my tunica belted at the waist, I hurried to the atrium to see who my nearly-blind door slave had let in this time. Praying that my wife had not been disturbed, I saw a man, lacking a toga (probably a slave), a grey band on his finger (confirmed slave), looking agitated and in a definite hurry.
The longer that Aston remains parked with his brain in my ribs, the more I wonder how likely it is that I'll even get the chance to try a vaginal delivery. Which is very discouraging. It's not that I'm some granola muncher who needs to experience natural childbirth, it's more that I've been preparing myself and working towards something that might not have the finish line that I was looking forward to. The thought of a caesarean recovery intimidates me, but it pales in comparison to the risks that Aston would face if I had a spontaneous breech birth.
If you're a fan of pale ales and IPAs, you're not going to be disappointed by the beer selection at this year's OBF. If you aren't a fan, you may have some issues. Especially if you're not a fan of fruit beers either. Ambers? Darker beers? Pretty limited.
The SITS Girls write about Pinterest's new Terms of Use as part of a series on Pinterest and photography. There are all kinds of links and advice on that page and I got a little lost in it all. But I want to go back and read more when the kids aren't interrupting and I don't have an editing deadline looming.
The dictionary defines ether as the rarefied element of the Heavens. Ether is a medium. It permeates all space and transmits waves of energy in a wide range of frequencies, from cell phones to human auras. What is “ethereal” is related to the regions beyond earth: the heavens.
Why did I enslave the world, you ask? Were the Republican candidates too mean to me? Fiddlesticks! The problem was the average Republican voter. You folks at those debates hollering at poor Wolf Blitzer that he should let that uninsured guy die. Or shouting down Juan Williams, when he asked about race-baiting in South Carolina. And you just about lost your minds, whenever crazy old Ron Paul said something about maybe not invading a new country every year. You were out there talking about automatic weapons and bombing Iran and those darn gay folks, and how it should have been Sarah Palin running in 2012... and somebody, some actual, intelligent human being had to try to get your vote. I did my best.
How many new managers can relate to that fear? Most, I expect.
Be more forgiving and go seek those they have hurt in the past and seek their forgiveness.
I am convinced that if we do our job, if we lead with conviction and integrity, that history will record the Obama Presidency as the last gasp of liberalism’s great failure and a turning point for a new conservative era.
The winner will also post about their prize on their personal blog so you will get double the exposure.
As the last day of January is upon us, it is time to prepare for my February goal--no screens. I have to admit that this is likely to be harder for me than anyone else in my family. But I know it will be good for all of us and I am looking forward to the challenge.
Lilly Pulitzer Trellis Tote- I blogged about this one a few weeks ago, and I still love it. It seems to be the perfect size for when you want a bigger handbag, but not over the top huge.
This is easily the best fighting film we have ever seen: 4.5 stars.
German hefeweizen (or wheat beer if that’s easier) was a bit of a gateway beer style for me. They don’t tend to be very hoppy or very bitter, they’re usually quite sweet and they’re different enough from lager to get make you curious. I guess approachable would be the word I’d use, enough to pique an interest but not palate-shocking enough to scare you off.
“It comes from them?” I mumbled.
Highlights for me included:
I thought about my dad right then. I thought about his crippling anxiety. I thought about how maybe he has Asperger’s. I thought about how he doesn’t really do small talk with strangers in stores or laugh at himself. I thought about how he yells so much that he doesn’t even realize he’s doing it anymore. And he never would’ve bought $22 worth of goat’s milk lotion for no reason from a desperate lady in a sad little boutique.
Mr. Eugenides, the Smyrna merchant
Last week, when someone dropped me off on the way to the Church office, he was saying that Paul and Timothy had such a good relationship that they looked out for each other and making sure the churches were ok. Especially in times of persecution and oppression. We were talking about a whole different topic but I thought about this later and applied this to our students too and wondered about how we can pull this into helping them to step out into faith. It’s definitely not an easy task to dictate.
These would be nice with my Arabian Fig Jam too, if only we hadn’t eaten it all. Roll on summer and the glut of fresh figs, I can’t believe I don’t have any jam!
revisionist history
The second conditional is like the first conditional. We are still thinking about the future. We are thinking about a particular condition in the future, and the result of this condition. But there is not a real possibility that this condition will happen. For example, you do not have a lottery ticket. Is it possible to win? No! No lottery ticket, no win! But maybe you will buy a lottery ticket in the future. So you can think about winning in the future, like a dream. It’s not very real, but it’s still possible
Always kind of
If nothing else Marge was a coward. When I shouted he kinda lost all coordination of his body and became flustered, caught between doing something drastic and doing nothing at all. Finally he put the needle down on the bed besides me. I picked it up. It was perfectly clean on the outside, but right down inside, where the needle enters the barrel, was a tiny dot of dried black blood. The needle was dirty. It had already been used.
I'll end with a few details to support the above claims, though there's so much more packed along these lines packed into the film that it could (and probably will) provide material for a fair number of academic dissertations. The title Margaret comes from a line in a Gerard Manley Hopkins poem read to Lisa's class by a literature teacher (Matthew Broderick) who, like a police detective in the film, eats his lunch at his desk. Lisa's mother (J. Smith Cameron) is a stage actress by profession, and we're privy to a realistic look at how tumult in her personal life informs her performances, and vice versa. Her new suitor (Jean Reno) is an opera lover, and the film's final scenes takes place at a performance of Offenbach's Tales of Hoffman. It masterfully demonstrates that sometimes sharing an experience in a theatre can be the best way to honor the loved ones we have lost, and strengthen our bond with a loved one sitting in the seat next to ours.
And so the media's long vigil continues, they carry on waiting, because they know one day their wait will be over, indeed it may be quite soon as tensions continue to rise, one day, maybe tomorrow, next week or next year, a white boy will kill a non white boy, and the press will have their prise.
SUMMER SUNDAE festival-Leicester
Rah Cha Chow is an on-again off-again old friend. I started it years ago when I needed a creative outlet and wanted to stay abreast of the world of online communications. I've muddled about with its focus and have gone months without end without posting. Although its intent is personal and creative -- I have never sold advertising -- it has netted me some cool opportunities.
BUT the second part didn’t work out: Instead of rebundling those loans and passing them on to small businesses to stimulate investment, THOSE banks redeposited the funds with the ECB. Riffing off the famous “Jaws” quote (“We’re gonna need a bigger boat”), the July 2010 Global Market Perspective captured the great-white fear circling the lending sector via the following chart of commercial banks’ usage of the ECB’s Deposit Facility and wrote:
So…………
For those who know what it’s like
Have you ever been there … what’s the last decision you had to make?
2 mini books
Hodge said the switch to a clothing-optional resort is a last-ditch effort to save his business. Snowbirds flock to rent condos where they avoid the bed taxes hotel guests have to pay, and his 32-room motel struggles to compete with larger chains that he said were “building hotels like it was going out of fashion.”
Writing messages means that the message is at the heart of the story and the author is doing the best that s/he can do to get that message across the her/his reader. There are very few good stories that are written around messages–the only one that I can think of is The Giver, and even that has its faults. Throughout The Giver, Jonas is put at odds between what he has been told to be true by his community and what he realizes is true through his personal experiences. The overarching theme is that our ability to choose is what sets us apart from one another, and this theme appears constantly throughout the book from beginning to end. The heart of the book is a message about the power of choice, and while this makes for very good philosophical reading, it is not something that I would have read on my own in middle school–instead, I was told to. I did not have a choice. Why didn’t I choose to read it? I had thought it a bit dry. I wanted a story, not a lecture.
Welcome to the 9th week of JustRite Stampers’ Wednesday feature, 12 Weeks of Christmas Blog Hops! Every Wednesday up until Thanksgiving some of your favorite designers will be joining some of the JustRite design team for a series of Christmas blog hops, showcasing JustRite’s entire Christmas Collection of stamps! Don’t forget that JustRite has some Christmas stamps in their newly released CLING line of stamp sets, too -- you can find them HERE. This week, the designers joining the JustRite design team is the Just Us Girls (JUGS) challenge blog design team!
Crack open the Tesco value champagne and wolf down the cheese and pinapple on sticks as we celebrate The Doctor Who News Page's 100th Post! The blog started up on the 22 March 2010 and since then its been non stop with all the new series news. The blog has had 3497 views since the 28th of March 2010 and now has 25 followers. I prefer to have a quiet blog with a few regulars as its easier to chat and get to know my fellow bloggers. Speaking of which a special thanks too:
This podcast is available via iTunes or the audio player and download link below:
So I am looking forward to the week ahead. This has been a really happy, productive weekend and I am so grateful for it. It was a perfect to have both the sunshine and rain. I got to work and to play. I got to be serious and to laugh. Best of all, I got to be cozy in my cottage and to feel so much joy that it is mine!
As always, my images are copyright protected and available to you as wall art prints, wraps, and other merchadise. More info available on my “About” page. You can click on any of my images to see them in HIGH RES. Thanks for visiting!
21st March - Town playpark and beach within Teignbridge.
my whole house.
Line a 13x9 pan with tin foil and grease the tin foil with Crisco. Cooking spray doesn't work as well as Crisco.
In today's world of hectic schedules and appointments, we are always in a hustle, as are our children!! We whisk them off to school, then to practices and church and whatever else is on the appointment book that day that we often forget that they too need a way to manage their time.
1 x PP052 / F / air = 23.00
1. Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Spray bread pan with nonstick cooking spray
Initially, I wondered about what might happen with my dad's side of the family. Would he pressure them to cut off relationships with me too? This made it more of a challenge for me to recover from his decisions, more difficult to come to terms with the damage he was doing. If I only saw my grandparents at my dad's house on holidays, how would this work for the future? In the end, I found a way to manage my relationship with each of them individually. I don't discuss my dad with his parents. I don't discuss my dad with my half siblings. To my dad's credit, he has kept his life choices his own, and no one was forced to stop talking to me. I am grateful. My grandmother has tried to get us together a couple of times, but I've told her no. I think she is trying to manage her own anxiety around it, around raising a son that could do this to his own daughter...and it isn't really about mending my father and me, but more about her own worries and issues. And, frankly, that's
Look not every man on his own things, but every man also on the things of others. (Philippians 2:4 KJV).
No, not with artillery; with my Nikkor 105mm micro lens (only Nikon calls it a micro – everyone else calls them a macro).
Characters: Gumpaste
Cardstock: SU Not Quite Navy and Wisper White
Day in Paradise package is from 8am-9pm. Lunch buffet is from 12nn-2:30pm only. Wristbands shall be worn for the day in availing this package. One adult, one child policy applies for your safety. Payment shall be made on the day this package will be availed. Prices may change without prior notice.
(See the comments for another good candidate: the new home of the Brooklyn Center for the Urban Environment, or BCUE.)
Indeed, King James is the biggest flaw in Heat’s biggest stage this year.
Doesn’t it just sum it up? Poll ratings are the biggest issue and the people running the country are not very clever.
I quickly learn that there is a whole different language when it comes to buying an engagement ring. You’ve got four Cs to be aware of: clarity, color, cut and carat.
“Then you can judge, without asking my word for it, how much chasing of women I’ve done in my life.”
A recent 10 minute drive to work provided:
Like a vision she dances across the porch
To prevent a long drawn out article with our entire research paper we have split the pilot study into various sections for easy digesting. The full paper can be downloading by following the link below. Alternatively you can click on the Middelburg Pilot study tab above and access each blog post concerning the Pilot study
4 Even though I walk through the “valley of the shadow of death,”
“Dan O’Ryan was once the wealthiest man in the San Fernando Valley and Ophelia, his wife and Norbert’s mother, was the most beautiful,” old Charlie Cohan told me as we rode our bikes. Sam, pedaling at one mile an hour, on the other side of me, agreed and said, with admiration, “Ophelia had an affair with Howard Hughes.”
Meanwhile in the midst of trying to get the computer up, I did get a couple other things done. I hope you’re all having a good Saturday. Haven’t checked any of your blogs yet. If you don’t see me around here somewhere off and on though, it means the dumb internet isn’t working again. The company we’re with is unable to be contacted on the weekends too. I tried calling, and the message asked if I would like to leave a message for a technician who would call me back during normal business hours. So that would be Monday morning. The idea of all weekend without the internet seriously was freaking me out! Ha ha…and I have gone much longer than that in the past and survived just fine, but it is amazing how attached we can become to this means of communication.
I was just thinking about the difference in quality of those nights when you don't have to work the next day, and those nights when you do. Somehow, your subconscious always seems to know that you have to get up early the next day, even if you aren't actively thinking about it. I fell asleep on the couch at 8:30 last night, yet did so feeling like I had all the time in the world. Tonight it's a completely different feeling, and it's only 7:00.
"If I didn't have the surgery, how long until I would go into labor?"
2010.08.17 Iraq Baghdad 61 129 Over sixty young Iraqis lining up for work are senselessly cut to shreds by a Shahid suicide nail-bomber.
This week I will probably add earrings, necklaces, bracelets, rings, etc. on my Etsy shop. I will also make a sweet deco case for iPhone with silicon whipped cream.
And because I wish, wish, wish I could bring back gifties for everyone, here are five more folks to whom I'll be sending postcards upon my return from the UK: Jillayne, Marlowe, Oliag, Sunday, and Cathi. If your name is on the list, please send me an email (see Contact and Links) with your mailing address. I'll be pleased as punch to write you a pretty postcard.
This was in an a story about how the clean-up/eviction of the protesters had been called off due in large part to support expressed for the protesters and their rights by local politicians, see: Calls Flood In, City Backs Off and Protesters Stay, by Michael Barbaro and Kate Taylor, October 14, 2011.
He was been a member of the U.S. National Team 8 times and is the only person to be a member of all 3 U.S. MacRobertson Shield Teams. He was inducted into the U.S. Croquet Hall of Fame in 2000.
So I can read you like a book
-The United States government covers around 28% of the US population's health insurance through programs such as Medicaid, Medicare, etc. (U.S. Census Bureau, Income, Poverty, and Health Insurance Coverage in the United States: 2007)
Time to stop the whirling top
Last week (23/4/12) I attended UWE’s E-Books: Experiences and Future Directions Conference. It was a Joint Higher Education and NHS, free of charge event for Library Staff.
And finally here’s this weekend’s plot harvest:
Waters said he had been upset after his family had been made to sit at the bar in a busy restaurant in Camps Bay, Cape Town, for half an hour.
Despite confident predictions of a Newscorp return to the sector last July, the Murdochs haven’t looked at a disguised relaunch (or ‘Sunday Sun’) as yet. In truth, the sector’s potential is very limited: although few outside the business realise this, fully 700,000 Screws readers simply stopped buying a newspaper on Sundays. I think two factors here are key. First, Sunday activities have changed. The Sunday snooze and gradual hike through umpteen sections is becoming a thing of the past: the so-called day of rest is in fact much more these days one of outdoor activities. Shopping is one…and ironically, for some folks, another is going to watch Sky soccer down at the pub….a development pioneered and driven by the Digger himself.
Lately I’ve been concentrating on more of my song writing. I decided to buy a new song writing book to start fresh in! I’ve always written songs or played around with chords on guitar now and again, but the thing that sparked my sudden motivation for song writing is this girl in my class. I’m not going to say too much in case for some amazingly strange reason she reads this, but let’s just say she’s not my favourite person in my class. I do have reasoning, it’s not like I’m pulling this out of thin air or anything.
You and your business have a S.W.O.T that should be thoroughly looked into. When you know about these areas in your business then you can figure out what’s missing, what’s NOT working right and what IS working right. Then you can make better plans for improvements towards overall success in your business, projects, career and life. You must know and understand that in business you need more than business planning, you need strategic planning and strategic management.
It was a difficult year. A painful year. And while that pain has lessened over the months, it still causes difficulties for me in terms of limiting my energy and ability to focus on what I need to do.
Just my thoughts, daily life and so on, so forth.
Setbacks
They both loved their husbands very, very much. Both talk so openly about their husbands being their best friends. The loves of their lives. At the viewing for my childhood friend's 35-year-old husband, she emphasized to her friends and family that we should never take our significant others for granted. Ever.
The problem is after I work on this for a while I go on overload with all of the ways I can manipulate my original image. I don't see stuff right away. I've learned not to dismiss anything until I give it a second look with fresh eyes.
Has fallen short or been turned aside.
It’s described further in the two examples below it.
The first part of our semester, we were in the "Feathers" unit. It had a focus on BIRDS! Did you try the "bird chorus" at home during a fussy time for baby? Isn't it amazing how those rhythmic little songs really calm our little ones? It is like baby hypnotism, I tell you!
Thanks so much to all of you who shared your WONDERFUL cards and projects with us here for our digi team's Things with Wings challenge.
Other - Heat Gun, Hero Arts Unltra fine Clear Embossing Powder, Pop Dots
How long has it been since you were taken from me?
I also went to visit my Dad in hospital. I hate hospitals. It was hard sometimes as Dad was at times confused and when we took him for a walk out of the hospital it wasn’t until we were heading back that we realised he’d put his slippers on and not his shoes. So there he was walking in the rain in his slippers.
Tom Tykwer arguably takes the most ambitious approach out of any of the featured directors. His Faubourg Saint-Denis is about a blind young man (Melchior Beslon) who receives a phone call from his girlfriend (Natalie Portman) in which she seems to be breaking up with him. As a result, he flashes back through a sped-up summary of the entire history of their relationship, starting with their first meeting and then gradually speeding up to touch on significant moments in the rush of routine. A breathless voiceover recounts the ways in which their relationship gradually settles into familiar patterns, and the writing of this narration cleverly uses repetition and the gradually increasing frequency of certain words to suggest the shifts in their relationship. By the end, words that had appeared only occasionally in the voiceover come to dominate it, suggesting just how much this relationship has changed, mostly for the worse, over its course. From intimacy and excitement the mood changes to alienation and fragmentation, simply by altering the balance of how often certain events recur and the context in which they occur. The girl's screams chart the course of the relationship. They meet because she's screaming, rehearsing a part in a play, and early in the relationship he's charmed by her screams, by her playful habit of yelling on a subway or a shouted orgasm. Later, screaming signifies arguing, slamming doors, angry words, shifts into negativity. Tykwer defies his short allotted time by cramming the whole length of a relationship into this scant length, condensing this romance into key words and key events, providing a formalist breakdown of a possibly evaporating love. It's an affecting and aesthetically bracing piece, and Tykwer is one of the few directors here to really do something interesting with the short form beyond staging a quick little scene and getting out.
Your smile, tentative, guarded. A parting of lips, long fantasised over.
- I would remake 'Twilight' and kill all the idiots off in the opening five minutes. Sparkletits bashing aside, I'd probably adapt one of my own terrible scripts (reworked by Tarantino or something), then hire Bruce Campbell, Timothy Olyphant and Juliette Lewis. And so The Greatest Horror Movie Ever (probably a Hills Have Eyes rip-off of some sort) is born. Of course, it'd lose loads of money and I'd never work again. But at least I tried.
I texted him, left him three voicemails and tweeted him, and he never got back to me—so I consulted some grammar gurus instead.
As my film discussion/review colleague, Didion of the Feminema website has just done a post on this film, and two others here, with the aim being to bring to our attention the fact that not every film is about super heroes, cops, drugs, warfare, comic books, cartoons, or sex. Some films don’t depend on a narrative plot or on dialogue. In fact, this film’s methodology is innovative and new. It crosses film with art, and art history, and that’s just the starting point. In her view this is so cutting edge that it is worthwhile to invest your time to watch these films.
In interviews, Scorsese has said the reason he made this film was Teddy's final line where he wonders whether it is better to "die a good man than live as a monster", which is definitely something I would have loved to see Scorsese make a movie about. Because I do not believe "Shutter Island" is actually about that. Like "The Shining", it is missing a directorial point of view about anything beyond cinematic style. Sure, the style and tone have a sure hand behind them, but, for me, movies need to be more than that.
Ponder these first few points for a while, then I'll talk about how to get good results on glossy. For my comparison today I used the stamp Dr. Pea-Nut from Our Craft Lounge. I colored him first on glossy paper, the second time I colored him on some regular absorbent paper. Notice how very different each color looks between the two images and how layering the same color shows up so much more on the glossy than it does on the other paper. Stamped with Memento Tuxedo black ink (let it dry well on glossy).
For example: after being conservative, even anti-revolutionary, during the 19th and early 20th centuries, the Roman Popes have now come close to joining the revolution, as Dostoyevsky predicted they would in the 19th century. Roman Catholicism has become a great worldly institution preaching the same chiliasm as the representatives of the U.N. Pope Paul VI’s visit to the U.N. in New York in 1965 reveals this clearly. He was given a hero’s welcome in New York by the American people, mostly non-Catholics, precisely because he is seen as the most eminent religious figure who preaches the chiliast dream which is now so strong in the air. In his speech at the U.N., the Pope justified these expectations, and called on the U.N. to bring about the prophecies of Holy Scripture concerning when swords will be turned into plowshares and the lion will down with the lamb – in a millennial kingdom on earth.
It would also be nice if people would move away from the idea that Christian=X type of home learning, and Atheist=other X type of homeschooling. That's slotting followers of a specific religion (or holders of a specific label) into a box, and not taking into account the complexities of each individual, why they decided not to send their children to school (or not to go to school themselves), their relationships with each other, etc. There are radically unschooling Christians, and there are rigidly classically homeschooling Pagans. I'd personally like the focus to stay firmly on the important things: are they happy? Are families living together with love and respect? Or, are they striving to live that way (since it can be pretty hard to actually achieve at times, as I well know)? Because isn't that what's important?
Albarn has also appeared on other unrelated works. His song "Closet Romantic" appeared on the soundtrack for Trainspotting alongside an early Blur recording, "Sing". Fatboy Slim's 2004 release Palookaville featured Albarn's vocals on the song "Put It Back Together". Albarn provided the voiceover intro and backing vocals in the song "Time Keeps On Slipping" for the rap concept album Deltron 3030, and featured on the track "Lovage (Love That Lovage, Baby)" for the Lovage album Music to Make Love to Your Old Lady By. Both albums were produced by Dan the Automator, who also produced Gorillaz' debut album. Albarn also composed the score with collaboration by Michael Nyman for the 1999 movie "Ravenous" with Guy Pearce and Robert Carlyle. It is described as "an eerie mix of symphonic orchestrations and clunky ragtime" which went arguably well with the movie's cannibalistic themes. In 2000, he composed the main part of the soundtrack for the crime comedy Ordinary Decent Criminal.
Iceland wins another survey, then gets pissed at the happy results
As I had already created the dandelion and stem, I thought it would give the finished piece an added dimension if I also made that part of the logo wearable and so I attached a brooch/bail to the back of the dandelion so that it can be pinned to the bag, or removed and worn as either a necklace or a brooch.
Paynes Gray
*Movement?:Yep, now I feel it all the time...this baby is a very busy little one...
So, to motivate myself, I've found some pictures of skinny me and plastered them to my refrigerator. I'm going to also plaster them here, and hopefully continually motivate myself. They are kinda blurry, because they are pictures of pictures, but meh, I don't have a scanner and I don't think anyone past 2003 has one.
At the most recent Life Is Good Conference, I had more than a few chats with Diana Jenner, she's over there on my list of blogs in case you want to see some more of her.
Self examination can be a painful process. Looking through the lens of truth can be ugly. Many don’t like to even enter into this process, but it is a critical piece if we desire growth. As I was engulfed in my reflection something strange happened, I realized that I had primarily regarded my baby as an infant. Suddenly, I understood how far away I was from that time in my life and only then realized that my child would have entered their teen years. I began to wander down a mental path of a life extinguished before it began and all the “what ifs” that came along with it! I sincerely understand that I am forgiven but just as it is with many other sins, there are consequences on earth.
And, last but not least, I've become a Twi-hard. I loved the movie so much, I went and bought the books. I just finished New Moon. I'll start Eclipse sometime this week.
After last week’s Dair kiss, things are a bit awkward. It’s so interesting when all of the relationships on this show are up in the air. Anyway, in order to salvage her and Serena’s friendship, Blair is hell-bent on demonstrating she is strictly friends with Lonely Boy. Apparently, when Blair is in LOVE, she avoids the person like the plague. I never thought of that but that’s kind of true. Good thinking Serena! (There’s a sentence I never thought I’d write!) Blair then decides to spend the day with Dan at the stage/fake play of his book, where coincidence! Lola is playing Blair’s part. Of course, immediately after arriving, Blair starts to make fun of everyone there. The bit about the headband was particularly well –thought out! The two “friends” bicker and annoy the crap out of each other all day (you know, the usual) until Blair has to kiss Dan to prove to him that the previous kiss was just a fluke. Who would have thought the kiss would turn out to be so HOT! But alas, Blair is not convinced… Until, Dan has to go when he receives a call that his new manuscript has been erased…
Please note that unless indicated, all photography on this site is my own, and all images and text are copyright MoreAltitude, all rights reserved. Please don't use or reproduce without permission.
Hi Everyone. It's Edna's turn to choose the colours for the challenge this week, but before we get to that there are a couple of pieces of news.
The palate is slightly perfumed initially which gives way to the caramel creaminess of the nose; ripe banana and this lovely balanced sweetness that you'd expect from the 7.5% abv. The sweetness is by no mead clawing and falls away to a milky banana flavour on the finish.
And, of course, Enjoy your freedom now!
Therefore, if there is a liquidation, and a newco emerges, the only way to avoid the problems of penalties passing on to the new body would be with a renunciation of oldco’s history.
what kitty stuff i am going to share with you.
Join us for some scrappin' good fun and you might just get some of those memories scrapped and have some fun at the same time :)
The mirror of your dreams...
Taking keys from her own old piano or keys given to her by others or that she purchases her process begins of cleaning, prepping, sanding, etching and coloring to create vivid colorful bookmarks such as these.
I tried to stick with the keeping like items with like items theme throughout the fridge, just like I would in just about any organizational project I tackle. I like to keep it simple for the fam to know where to look, and by keeping the fridge in categories, it's easy for them to open the door and quick grab what they need!
All murders are awful acts of barbarity, and nobody deserves to die, however, in terms of the cruelty of the act, Stephen's murder was over in moments, whilst Kriss's killing dragged on over hours and involved horrific suffering and torture.
My diet has improved. I’m eating better than I have in the past, but certainly not as well as I could. I have been to the gym only once in the past month.
Four Places You Have Lived
Then, I got a delivery from The Scraprack. They sent me an email recently advertising this cool new fancy stapler thing that has pretty staples and can stamp anywhere on your page, not just at the edges. Of course me being the perfect consumer that I am just had to buy one! Here it is:
Most of our Indian recipes can easily fall under Vegan friendly recipes. But the rule for the theme is to select a non vegan dish and make it a vegan. You cannot post a regular Ven Pongal, minus the ghee and call it a vegan. Or simply call our regular Pooris as Vegan friendly because as such is naturally vegan friendly.
Slip N’ Slide was one of those disappointing toys, wasn’t it? The commercial was full of guitar solos and people having an absolute blast. In reality, you were lucky if you even made it all the way to the end without veering to the side, touching the grass and/or pavement, and doing a horrifyingly painful backwards somersault. I guess toys like that set us up for being disappointed by a lot of things in life in general as adults. Oh shit, remember Pogo Ball? How were those asshole kids getting so much air in those commercials? Again, guitar solos, turntable sounds, jump kicks, sideways or backwards hats and flying happy ninja children. I’ll tell you, my brothers and I barely got the thing off of the ground, let alone got three or four feet of air. Picture trying to jump with THE PLANET SATURN between your ankles and you get a bit of the idea.
Jane Austen would have been quite dangerous to give any present to, I think. I imagine she had specific and precise tastes, and would have instantly spotted anything designed to impress her. When it came to books, she would probably not have cared for anything remotely sentimental ( a lot of Dickens, then, even if she admired his craft…) so a few of the modern authors I might nervously suggest might include Anne Tyler, Carol Shields, Kate Atkinson, Julian Barnes (she’d love his “The Pedant in the Kitchen”) and Jane Gardam.
- anthea caddy & thembi soddell - host - room40 - 2012
This suggests to me that there are real benefits in any decision making when we can find ways to keep it about the decision. That’s what a secret ballot is all about. I’ve been harping on the idea that people don’t want the best decision, they want their decision to be best. Well, this is one way to remove the “their” part of the equation so that the group can focus on the best decision.
I paid what we owed for her time, the x-rays and the shots and left feeling like I did the right thing for my son. I could have easily made him do what she wanted. Thank God I didn't. I'm more concerned about what my children think of me than the random man on the street... or the dentist.
Take care everyone, and have a great day off if you're one of the lucky ones :) (I still have through Tuesday off... extending this one freebie day off to a five day weekend thankyouverymuch!)
Thomas Fitzpatrick, 35, Tuckahoe, N.Y.
The game gets really insane in some of the later levels, and you'll find yourself playing this for hours on end and not even realize it.
Over the past 10 years the loonie did what few had expected. Before the currency’s “power decade” commenced, experts were well accustomed to worrying about its health. The 1990s were not kind to our dollar as it fluctuated between a high of 89.34 cents in 1991 and a low of 63.11 cents in 1998. Some expected it to plummet toward 50 cents, and there were calls for our currency to be pegged to the U.S. dollar to prevent what many predicted would be catastrophe.
A bit of sugar
... yes, that's back to normal. Wow. That's totally different. Show me again?
They're people with such integrity. Such lovely people. They have
The emails do not really show anything that is not already known. They merely confirm that scientists have become political activists with science a long placed second.
Incoming!
"All risks have two dimensions to them: likelihood of occurrence, and severity of the potential consequences. These two dimensions form four quadrants, which in turn suggest how we might attempt to mitigate those risks:
ME: Honk yourself.
and end the night
At twenty years old, a young Indian aristocrat, lord of all he surveyed, bought himself this. Which looks to me like a single bed, a bed for one only. Where the occupant would listen to music and gaze up at his obediently fanning four nubile western women, paler skinned and differently featured to the women of his home country. Whilst music played.
If only more people were to get sufficiently discouraged that they’d stop looking for work, we’d have this unemployment problem nailed.
Today I severed that connection…I tendered my resignation…
"Of all the bodies I investigated, none were stabbed less than 40 times. In the latest case in February, the woman was stabbed 72 times. They then leave the body on the road where it can be discovered soon. When the police arrive, they search the body and find the piece of paper with the contact details.
Facebook, 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA
ha amik kau. a 15 year old boy asked a simple question and a 25 year old "engineer" me didn't succeed. hahaha! so what's my point here? i'm no genius! peace. =p
The best way to get to know a spice blend is to use it. I began by sauteing up some shallots in oil to create some caramelizing, then add the spices and let them simmer in the oil for a few minutes to infuse the oil with their flavor. I like to let the vegetables cook until just tender so there is still a hint of crunch in the center.
1 luxurious
and I would love to be able to emulate Karen McTavish's free-motion quilting style. At the other end of the spectrum, I want to do more hand quilting! And I have been meaning to make a kaleidoscope quilt. That must happen... I could go on, but I'll stop there.
When the wounds seem to overtake you
‘Who’s there?’
9) And my computer, of course, with its desktop background of my new release, Dreamspell
That’s when I hear a rapid fire bark. I look over and sure enough there’s Dash. Barking and charging.
But the fan with the “queer twist” wasn’t the only reader who missed the moral. Where Marston saw loving submission, others, including members of DC’s own editorial advisory board, saw sado-masochistic torture. Marston was told to cut the chains.
Offspring of water and fire
Best buys/ discoveries: Ruby Nail Polish, Pearl silk dress/coat thing at an amazing price, Green bag from ASOS.
Writers are largely solitary beasts. The process of writing, unless you're a sitcom duo like Jesse Armstrong and Sam Bain, is lonely by definition. Anything which fosters communication and social contact can only be a boon, and Twitter offers a wonderful sense of community. Obviously, nothing beats meeting people in person, but I love the way Twitter allows us to effortlessly keep up with acquaintances, friends and miscellaneous contacts, with spending too much time doing so. There are people I haven’t seen in ages, but who I feel like I see every day. There are also good friends I’ve made through Twitter, who I’ve never met, but certainly plan to (with their consent, obviously). It’s healthy for writers to form bonds with other scribblers who actually understand what they do for a living, who feel their pain when things go horribly wrong and can share information/contacts/pizza topping preferences. It's also very healthy indeed to talk to people who couldn't care less about writing.
but I am so glad I caught this grin on film!!
Will and I met for the first time at a Georgetown University Career fair in the fall of 2008. Both Will and I call Georgetown our alma mater, and at the time of the career fair, I was a senior and Will was back on campus to recruit students to the Investment Bank he was working for. Will and I only chatted a few brief minutes and in that moment, neither of us could have ever guessed we were chatting with our future husband or wife. The universe can be
For her bead dog sculpture, Gothard wanted to reflect the images of Medieval History. She created a design that uses bold colors and vibrant images, which will be featured on the dog she calls “Saints at Home.”
Boston native John Harthorne was heavily involved with startups during his undergrad years at MIT, and he’d been itching to get back to the startup world ever since, but debt, family and a new baby deterred him from doing so. He spoke of his passion for startups with a Bain and Company co-worker, Akhil Nigam — they knew Bain was a great place to work, but neither wanted to do consulting forever. Then, the world came crashing down with the recession of 2008, and experts were forecasting ten years of stagnation and an economy reminiscent of the Great Depression.
I took to seeing galaxies on high,
Luis Jimenez, 25, New York, N.Y.
We rolled tubes!
.father's day
One guy, we'll call him Big Shot because he bought the other 3 at the bar a round of drinks. I don't know how well he knew the other 2, my guess is not well, but I think he wanted some company and these other 2 didn't seem to be in the position to turn down a free drink. All 3 of them reminded me of the homeless dudes who used to sleep in the parking lot of mine and Wes' old business in downtown Wichita.
We often talk of unearthing memories or those things we have kept hidden. Both Clare and Sam in their professional interviews know that there is something personal the two of them need to lift from the ground, 'the long tail of the root, clinging to its earth of history,' and the skill with which Flanery constructs the novel around those details makes this a rewardingly adult read, much like the similarly complex Great House by Nicole Krauss. That book found a place on my books of the year roundup last year and whilst it's too soon to say whether Flanery's will appear on this year's I can certainly confirm it deserves any attention it receives as part of the Waterstones 11 and heralds the arrival of another new writer to keep an eye on.
The action packed Cubesville 11 is an essential addition to your bathroom library.
Komida takes a casual approach, serving food in a cardboard tray (a la Farmers Market), which works for the casual seat-yourself outdoor dining space. The taco - and everything else from wasabi guacamole (buttery with a kick!) to the pickled shishito peppers (sweet and tart) with fresh tasting chips were as fantastic as I remembered, and I inhaled every last morsel in the tray.
What’s Good: Ajay Devgan and Anil Kapoor’s performances; a few action sequences.
Each week Green B.E.A.N. Delivery brings a bin-full of freshness to our front door. I really really love that we use their service. Coming home to a bin filled to the brim each Thursday is one of my favorite things. I never cease to become giddy when I unload our container and arrange everything in our fridge just so. There’s always so much color.
OMG…the “no-coffee” girl is coming …………………………………………………………………………………………………………..
“We knew they had been building up a case against him using Twitter because the last two times he has been arrested what they would do is bring out a file of hundreds of pages of copies of his tweets. That’s their evidence,” she added.
35
“Speaking of Apraxia” is the first-ever comprehensive guide exclusively devoted to parents of children with apraxia. It’s 400+ pages cover the diagnosis, how to find help, types of treatment, things to do at home, parent experience, professional insights, and more. You can purchase the book at www.amazon.com, www.woodbinehouse.com, at www.barnesandnoble.com and some Barnes & Noble stores. (if you don’t see it on the shelf, just ask!).
Keep those links coming! We all love to see what you are creating!
David picked up KFC for us for lunch. We ate in the car. About half way back, I thought a movie would be good. So I put in Lion King in the DVD. She watched for sometime and then looked more and more out the window. I thought she might be getting bored. Well, about 20 minutes went by and I knew the problem. She kind of gagged and I told Lynn to get a bag from my purse but we missed most of it. Poor thing. Did this mom know she gets car sick? Yes, I did but she had been doing so well that I thought they might have been mistaken. I felt so bad for the driver, he has a mess in the back of his very nice van. We offered to clean it up but David said he told him to take it in to be cleaned and we would pay for it.
Beauty, knowledge, inure not to me-yet there are two or three things
She drinks water from a blue bottle
Climbing Stairs – Not a Problem Anymore
I’m not doing well with my ever-worsening health situation, but I must say that I’ve gotten enormous comfort over the years by reflecting upon other people’s misery. Based upon my own experiences and what I’ve read, I’ve learned two things about chronic pain: there’s often very little that doctors can do to alleviate it; and the only limit to how much pain a person can experience is determined by the point at which he passes out, and even then he has to wake up again. I’ve read about people whom, if I were them, and had I been able to use a gun on myself, I would have run to that gun. I draw two conclusions from such somber reflections. One is that I’m lucky compared to how bad off I could be. The second is that to truly allow the knowledge of such pain into my heart has made life seem a lot more serious. When I was young, I pretended that life was simply a game that I would someday tire of, and then go back to my real existence; but, no, our lives are as real—and sometimes as horrific—as when a leopard crushes the windpipe of an impala.
The reason I say I’ve learned a lot from today, is because it’s going to take some getting used to. One of the reasons I moved to Brighton was to spend more time with you and be a part of your life. In London I was working full time, you were at school from 8.30am until around 5.30pm every day, most of your socialising happened then … I was never able to organise play dates because I was working. Of course weekends were different.
How to Get There
The good news is that there are many resources available to locate authors, both on the Internet and elsewhere. As the Authors Guild blog demonstrated, crowdsourcing works to some extent, but even a thoughtful Google search can produce a remarkable number of leads and, in some cases, an email address or phone number.
Check back later today to see if you have won!
-Salt and textured paper towels (optional)
I once judged a writing contest in which every one of the seven manuscripts I read had a heroine who was tall with reddish hair and green eyes. Oh, there were subtle differences between the seven, but not enough to make them unique. After the third red-haired, green-eyed siren, I started looking for something – anything – that would make the character different. If this sounds like your characters, then you need to get out your writing needle and thread. It’s time to do some creating.
J for Jason.
Hugs and laughter mend the brokeness. I give myself permission to feel all of the feelings I need to feel to allow myself to heal. I feel the intense sadness. I embrace the fear of the unknown future.
06. Looney Tunes (Jim Tolliver, Rick Steele, Chuck Witherow, W.Gregory, Roger Pavlica) - 8:05
Thanks, MesAyah for letting me find you. It amazes me how sometimes information finds us, usually when we need it most.
We go to a nearby camp site next to a reservoir where we're kept awake by coyotes howling all night then, the next day, drive another 20 miles down a dirt road to a trail head where we hike into the mountains and camp for a few days (a whole other story). On the way home we stop in Pendleton, a more yuppie cowboy town, where women wear tight jeans and high heeled cowboy boots and the most popular place in town is the rockin' steakhouse with a mediocre cover band playing outdoors. This is the kind of place I could imagine staying in a B&B to experience truck driving, cowboy hat-wearing hunting culture with a gentrified buffer - kind of like folks in a resort and a tour bus might see Istanbul or Beijing. It's cool but I like Union's gas station better.
Richard took great relish in explaining David Litchfield had warned him from the very beginning he wouldn't be paid a penny for his Ritz Gossip snaps, but as compensation would be given permission to sell all his photographs to Fleet Street. According to Richard's gospel, Fleet Street were amazed how he got into all the Ritz parties where no Fleet Street hack would ever dare to gatecrash.
My least favorite is the Tri-Colour Purple....i only wore it to see the effects, and i have to say i dont like the purple on me~~~like on the GEO advert, it looks alot better~~~lol but i guess if i play it around abit i might find it helpful with certain make-up looks~~~
5. Content. This post probably doesn’t have the meat in it some of you were hoping for. But I will leave you with a little sneak peak of what I have on deck (with the caveat that it’s all subject to change – you can’t script inspiration):
I also like to identify the fields of photography. This helps myself and the photographer. I know what skill set they need, and it allows me to target photographers who can teach me skills I am interested in learning (like studio, location, product, celebrity portraits, commercial, etc.). If I am looking for a specific experience I can target the photographers in that field of interest.
But even though our hearts are wired to help others in need, sometimes we need a little prompting. Sometimes we need to remind our minds of the blessings we’ve received from others, and then our minds can nudge our hearts to respond as we should.
He is going to some enormous lengths – just like I did – to strain a gnat out of his life, but he is swallowing a camel. It is the camel of self-worship.
And as I was considering, behold, an he goat came from the west on the face of the whole earth, and touched not the ground: and the goat had a notable horn between his eyes.
That Jesus would dance with me.
The brewery/monastery has gone through a bit in the last thousand years. It was burned to the ground completely on four occasions between 1085 and 1463, was depopulated by three plagues and crumbled under an earthquake. Despite furious devastating raids by the Huns, the Swedes, the French and even their own Emperor Ludwig the Bavarian, those tenacious Benedictines not only refused to be beaten, but they also managed to perfect the art of brewing and improve their techniques each time they rebuilt. Good on them!
Saves The Day - Sonic Reducer
Friday and Saturday will be the State Forensics Tournament, held this year at Western Michigan University in Kalamazoo. Unlike previous tournaments, we will not be staying overnight but will drive back and forth, our own beds being more comfortable and cheaper. City have one entry at State, Tahmid Hasan in Extemp. Accompanying us will be former student and forensics team member, Garrett Steed.
Fromage Coulommiers
Acccck! Ok, needless to say, I LOVE this card!! OMG, I just keep staring at it. *sigh* I made this card for my Aunt and Uncle's wedding anniversary. They LOVED it! Yay!!
all along the path
My blogging philosophy, motivation, and experience in ten words?????? Hmmm....
I thank God for my wonderful mother.
haha.
From infancy, our culture teaches what it means to be a boy or a girl. From the colour of clothes to the toys we play with, the messages begin at a very early age. Young people are influenced by a barrage of messages to conform to a variety of expectations, to buy this widget, and to preserve a rigid set of values that stress the differences between genders. The world of make believe as it is presented on TV and in the movies - from thriller films to soap operas on television - has a big effect on the viewer. Even though the plot and characters are fictitious, the underlying attitudes and messages are not. They communicate cultural values, which shape the way we think and the way we interact. Understanding this, it is important to begin to unmask a double standard that is pervasive in our culture. The dichotomy is that we buy into the stereotypes that reinforce abuse, while trying to “root out” violence in our community.
Born in 967, Boleslaw is the kind of guy you either rate or hate. Many people think he liked to fight a little too much and this overzealous battle nutter of a king caused nothing but serious fiscal problems for the Polish people. However, I disagree. Boleslaw was the sort of king no one messed with, Boleslaw wasn't afraid to fight both the Germans and the Russians at the same time. Boleslaw even sent crack troops to help his nephew Canute in his conquest of England. Look at the map and appreciate the extent of his kick-ass abilities. As for his poor financial abilities, in 967 what else are you going to spend your money on? if not on battling and general war-mongery?
2 theology
While many other countries in the world celebrate Mother’s Day, those in the UK celebrate Mothering Sunday. Essentially they are just about the same with a few differences of course. The main difference is that many countries celebrate Mother’s Day on the second Sunday in May while Mothering Sunday is celebrated on the fourth Sunday of Lent. However, despite the differences, many people still send flowers and gifts to their mothers on this day. UK florists are just as busy on this day as those in other countries are for Mother’s Day.
The apostolic is not the singling out of ‘great men’ or the establishment of kings to reign over others. It is the moving of the Spirit of Christ among His people to give them their genuine identity and purpose. This is so that every person can be great because they are representing Jesus as who they are in the places reserved for them before time began. Thus people get to lead from the position for which they have been created to lead by Christ. They work together in harmony as His Body because the government is on His shoulders.
The second news, and you tell me if it's disappointing: despite its release date and other details of its pedigree - not least of which is location photography in the New Jersey woods, right in the same area where F13 was being shot around the same time - Mother's Day just refuses to let itself be a slasher film, even in the funky way of some early examples of the form where they were still working the kinks out of the formula. To tell the truth, I am not certain that I can even pinpoint which if any specific subgenre the film belongs to: pretty much all of the opening 40 minutes certainly make it seem like it's going to be a nice straightforward slasher, and then it suddenly makes a dodge in the direction of ripping off pseudo-slasher The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, spends an exhausting and protracted scene acting like it's going to be an extraordinarily early example of the torture porno, before a final act that I honestly don't know how to quantify at all: it's somewhat of a rape-revenge story in the Last House on the Left vein, but that doesn't fit terribly well, either. It's sort of alarming that a horror film from 1980, particularly one as magnificently cheap as Mother's Day, could manage to spend so much of its running time keeping ahead of me, and I don't even think it's because director Charles Kaufman and his co-writer Warren Leight were trying to be sneaky: it's more likely the case that the filmmakers didn't know they were breaking any rules simply because the rules didn't quite exist at that point. It would take the subsequent decade of chintzy American horror to set up all the strict rules that Mother's Day never plays by, and thus it is, oddly, more transgressive now than it would have been when it was new.
My crafty mate Sheila, who is with me today, has NICKED them already and is Ooooo and Ahhhhhh all over them !
But the story that caught the Siren was one she had never heard before, that of Aherne's affair with the stage actress Clare Eames. Eames was married to playwright and director Sidney Howard, who later wrote the screenplay for Gone with the Wind. Howard was in London to direct his play The Silver Cord, and Aherne was cast opposite Eames. All went smoothly until Howard returned to America and the play began its run, whereupon the attraction between the two actors swiftly became a headlong, passionate romance. "I forgot she was a married woman with a child," says Aherne. "I forgot she was six years older than myself. I forgot my Puritan upbringing. I forgot that I was nothing but a penniless young actor. I heard the angels sing. I was lonely no more."
Green Mt. up and down Amp-Gman. Snappy 35:15 ascent and THREE bear sightings! The first was a small black bear on lower Greenman who promptly went crashing into the underbrush. The second and third were when I was coming down on Saddle Rock below the spring and just above the first rock outcropping. They were hanging out in the drainage to the west and both were quite large, one black and the other tinted more with brown. They seemed only mildly anxious and eventually ambled off into the woods up towards the Saddle Rock itself.
Poems come from there.
Goody Bag/Craft: We decorated pillowcases, which also served as their take-home “goody bag.” I bought sponges and CHEAP white pillowcases at Walmart. Go here for the how-to and hints. This was a HIT with the kids. They loved sleeping with their pillows the next day!
Breakdown by country of origin? As usual, the USA was the big winner here. I think I watched far fewer foreign films this year than in years past. 71 American films, not counting hybrids like the US/India The Namesake or US/UK Children of Men. The UK was the runner-up, with 8. Ouch - that's a pretty big gap. I didn't find myself as interested in films from Asia this year as I have in years past - perhaps I'm a bit burnt out. Two Korean films, a couple of Chinese (Hong Kong actioners, really), and just one or two Japanese films. In the past, these have been pretty big numbers. It's interesting to see how much I'm trending towards America and Europe these days. Of course, since so many films are produced by multiple countries - Japan, France and the US for Marie Antoinette for example - it's getting more difficult to categorize according to national origin.
I was hooked from the moment I saw the cover, the fiery red of her hair to her pale complexion first made me envious but I had a feeling that FURY would be one of the books that I wouldn't be able to put down :)
- Baladullah, CA (Huge and also extremely active)
Individual magi then embark on a course of study wherein their specific talents are identified and enhanced. Some magi find they have some limited ability over the elements, can move objects from a distance, or can seize control of a weaker person’s mind.
Two feet refrigerated wrapped in soft and fluffy slippers.
I rise
Yet, excited as I am to see my hubby,
Here's my inspiration, that I totally forgot I had pinned. I thought I had come up with this brilliant idea on my own, but it looks like Anthropologie implanted it into my subconscious via pinterest when I wasn't looking~
I mean, we waste so much energy worrying about it even before it happens. A 27 year old woman catching up with her friend of the same age should be talking fun and happy stuff you’d think. Or exciting stuff which lets your knowledge grow. But all she wanted to speak was about my marriage. How come our parents have not tried doing a drastic drama to control us, how can I trust a man like that, and so on.
So the first part is dedicated to the one I love..
If you haven’t seen the show the little dog, Blue, has this great super power called “Skadoo”. Basically she sings a little jingle and jumps into any picture or book and she’s magically in the scene. If I could have any super power, this might be it. I could open a travel book and magically be in Fiji…it would rock. Connor thinks so, too.
Yesterday, though, I told a girl to stop crying, which I do not think I have ever done before.
Christian T-Shirt Company Faces Boycott & Investigation for Declining Service to Gay Pride Group
all the nations that forget God.
As I have repeated numerous times, those looking for massive inflation can find it in China, not the United States. Demand for credit is so insane in China, that businesses will go to any length to get it. Note that those companies holding copper, especially those new to this wild financing scheme, are very vulnerable to a decline in the price of copper. Alternatively, those companies taking out loans based on copper collateral then selling the copper back to the exchanges have managed to get loans with no collateral.
thank you for taking this ride with me,
Shit, I’m really tired and horny.
“Apart from Bhangra I enjoy producing and listening to Urban music, whether it be Drum n Bass, Grime or Hip hop. I grew up listening to all kinds of stuff when I was a kid, so I’ve kind of ended up producing it as well. I’m constantly learning and developing my sound, so I wouldn’t want to pigeon-hole my sound just yet.” Says Manni.
Disclaimer: This article contains photos of a goat and sheep being slaughtered. They may be disturbing to anyone with a weak stomach/vegetarians/vegans/people who don’t like to know where they get their meat from. Rest assured it was conducted as humanely as possible.
I just happened to have a package with different sizes and this worked out fine. Glossy Accents is used on the hospital bed and her glasses, along with some glitter. DP is Basic Grey Sugar Rush. Pearls and cardstock from my stash. Have a great day!
I cut some scrap papers to size and used re-positional tape to hold them in place while I
That I love you means not I’m blind to your sin
Anyway, Avery is adorable!
Once we arrived, the parametics and the sitter met us at the front door.
And no one would appreciate that, least of all me!
so they’re only ever around other leftists who reaffirm their views. That’s why they seem so surprised and upset when they encounter opinions held by the majority of Americans and why they were taken so off guard by how hugely unpopular things like Obamacare are. And it’s how they keep convincing themselves they’re hilarious — by only hanging around the few remaining people who think a “Sarah Palin is dumb” joke is edgy.
Tools
A successful apple and pear grower, he believes his community is living on borrowed time: “More white farmers have been killed than British soldiers in Afghanistan and Iraq. Yes, we are at war here.”
I don’t know what true love is. I honestly don’t. I doubt that it exists at all. But I do believe in love. Not eternal-I-have-found-my-Prince-Charming kind of love, but little magic moments. Those moments make your life worth living. Those are the moments when you feel you’re alive and you want to stay this way for a long time. Key word: moments. Most of the time you’ll just get shit. The ordinary madness. But you have to be open and mustn’t suffer for long because of that shit you get every day. Your magic moments await. I hope that mine too.
The witness, Mr. Burnip, was very fortunate that he was in a location that afforded a good view of the lake. Watbarrow Point is the home a famous local castle so it is not surprising Mr. Burnip and his family were in this area. As the report indicates you can see Waterhead very well from this spot so the witness description of his sightlines is accurate.
Does your community publish a newsletter?
One of the two students wounded during yesterday’s police raid at the university campus reportedly died in hospital today, bringing the death toll of that operation to two. Something tells me my anthropology class won’t be meeting this week.
If you want your daughter in an organization that is primed to keep her barefoot and pregnant, teach her to be subservient and that sex is bad, then Girl Scouts is NOT the organization for you. Girl Scouts is all about teaching girls to be independent, caring, active members of society who think for themselves and are proud of who they are. Girl Scouts promotes girls and women's rights. If that's not what you want for your daughter, then find another group for her to join. But don't be surprised when Girl Scouts tries to keep up with the times.
2 handfuls of fresh spinach, chopped
I give thanks for the Literary review - which makes my brain think and swell with images and ideas when I am unable to put pen to paper.
As a music consultant, I talk a lot with bands about their relationship expectations and their working expectations and goals when it comes to the business and creative sides. if you are going to be a professional musician, you will have to work with someone you don’t like at some point, but the more you can work with them professionally, the better and faster the end results you are looking for can arrive.
Our local seafood markets are usually closed on Sunday, but knowing that our beloved favorite Publix supermarket carries everything, and has the best seafood department as well, I decided to shop for my squid salad ingredients...everything fresh! Unfortunately they only sell squid frozen in a 2 pound package, which was fine with me. Paying $14.99 for 2 lbs of Calamari, even if frozen, is still better than ordering a squid (calamari) salad which is barely enough for 2 and paying $13.99 for it and get aggravated because they put the dressing on it in advance and the salad gets wilted by swimming in the dressing...I do love the
I asserted my agreement -- I too am a big fan of the rosemary pine nut cookies that come on the side of the budino.
The Church survived barbarian invasions. The Church survived wave after wave of Jihads. The Church survived the age of revolution. The Church survived Nazism and Communism.
Fast forward to late this afternoon. The nurse calls me because the doctor signed off on everything. I have to go on some medication for the thyroid, get an u/s on it, and follow up with a endocrinologist. She looked back in my records and discovered that I had thryoid testing back in June of 2004, just 5 months before I got pregnant with my four year old son, Raleigh. And my thyroid levels were even higher then than they are now. I was never told about it or treated...it was basically forgotten. So now I'm angry and upset. I have no idea what to think, but I do know I am grateful for not beng pregnant right now. I know that His plan continues, and for whatever reason, this is all a part of it.
It’s easier to find one drop
You’re sorry
I’m really grateful to the Jeremy Redmond who had the vision to record “Let It Rise” in a new and fresh way. What a humbling experience to see God’s favor on something – it really has had nothing to do with me – it’s all God.
I had the privilege of being featured in some Asian magazines recently! Korean Vogue girl and Nylon Japan to be exact... The Vogue girl story featured a few bloggers and our favorite vintage items. I chose my vintage satchel that I ended up photographing in my kitchen... a selection of some of my favorite old jewellery including a feather bangle, that was a last summer find from Nice. A photo that did not make it to the mag was my kimonos that I expressed my love for before.. photographed next to my shoe wall.
On Tuesday, protesters urged people to wear black, calling the day “Black Tuesday,” evoking memories of a similarly titled press crackdown in the 1970s under white rule. Demonstrators picketed outside of Parliament in Cape Town and in front of A.N.C. headquarters here.
RFA – PILOT EVALUATION – WOMEN’S HEALTH LEADERSHIP PROGRAM
Also, I'll give you a hundred bucks cold hard cash if you can produce a 14 year old who uses the word "delved" in conversation.
Pink Cadillac
embellishments I have to meet it and then see how I can use them.
until the sky’s an ocean of blue tint
Do not alibi on bad hops. Anyone can field the good ones.
Thank you for stopping by.
To Heaven and Back Mom! Kisses and Pink Roses~
A heartfelt thank you is wonderful, but I would ask that Americans take it one step further. Thank a veteran after Veteran's day. Listen to them, Let go your preconceived notions of what a soldier is and reach out to them, give them opportunity, give them jobs upon their return so that they may preserve their dignity. I say this because the unemployment rate of veterans is twice that of the nation. This simply should not be, and it expresses beyond words, how the majority of Americans (in the position to give jobs) really feel about those willing to give so much to others.
PAXMAN: scone scones?
Why is a resolve just around the corner?
Of course not. Wetbrains like the Cindy Sheehans of the world have been silent. Oddly, Cindy Sheehan has been silent on the internet for a long time. Her last tweet being at nearly 3am in December of 2009.
It's called DeathCop3 (-3)
But the truly vitiating thing about this ending is not all of the quick changes in general; it is, rather, Valentine's totally unbelievable and unnecessary giving-away of Silvia to her would-be rapist, the right to do which he doesn't even possess (Silvia's dad is not only still alive he's the fucking Duke of Milan!). It boggles my mind that Shakespeare for some reason included that problematic item. Comedies tend to come to quick and not necessarily believable conclusions, so I didn't really have a problem with that in TGoV — even though it is particularly abrupt in this respect. But the whole Silvia give-away?
Against all caution, against all hope, I open the door. A milky glow bathes the staircase. The opera music builds in a sombre crescendo from which the bass-baritone voice calls my name.
&nbsp
My life is still on that fast roller coaster track. God is full control and I believe he has strapped me in tight and is taking me on the most exciting ride of my life. My heart is pounding with anticipation. My head is filling with hopes and dreams and my stomach is still a bit nauseous. I expect sharp curves. I anticipate uphill travel and it may take a long time to reach the top. I am certain that I will fall pretty fast and hard some times. BUT as long as I have the gift of PEACE, I can enjoy the ride!
every single day of our lives.
In the first place, if there is to be war against the Turk, it should be fought at the emperor’s command, under his banner, and in his name. Then everyone can assure his own conscience that he is obeying the ordinance of God, since we know that the emperor is our true overlord and head, and he who obeys him, in such a case, obeys God also, while he who disobeys him disobeys God also. If he dies in this obedience, he dies in a good state, and if he has previously repented and believes on Christ, he is saved. These things, I suppose, everyone knows better than I can teach him, and would to God they knew them as well as they think they do. Yet we will say something more about them.
I knew there was a good probability of getting bit if I put my fingers in Skully's mouth, Not intentionally, but bit is bit nevertheless.
Let's get over ourselves, OK? I don't know if it's just me or if there really is suddenly a lot of ageist stuff everywhere, stuff about old people needing to get out of the way and make room for The Next Generation. I read a bunch of comments on an Advanced Style video, and there were some really weirdly hostile ones about old people. So you can't find a job and are having to live back home with your parents, and instead of blaming it on the technology that made hundreds of thousands of jobs obsolete or on corporate greed that outsourced untold numbers of jobs in order to save money, you decide it's easier to blame Old People who selfishly won't just quit working already? Are you kidding me? Never mind that a bunch of them lost pretty much everything in the crash, including their retirement fund, making the retirement they'd been looking forward to for so long about as likely as fully-funded public health care that includes a full range of contraceptive choices for any woman of reproductive age?
House Full, a live album recorded in 1970 at the Troubadour in LA, captures the band in peak form. This 12 minute long take on “Sloth” is even more beastly than the album version, with plenty of tense build-ups, jagged, downright frightening guitar improvisations, and apocalyptic drum rolls. Good stuff. Other highlights include a spirited version of “Matty Groves” (to this day their most popular song), a poignant take on the stately pipe song “Battle of the Somme”, and a goofy little exotica track, “Yellow Bird”.
"Wow... did THAT take a few minutes of directed thinking. I assume you mean the "things" on the floor next to the bed, and a shelf in the blue cabinet?
But it wasn't all smooth sailing.
A fresh new “The Biggest Game In Town” will be available on the web for viewing on or around the 10th of January, 2010. I would encourage everyone reading this to view the documentary and support Mr. Burien in any way you can. For, of all the thousands of men and woman out there fighting against and trying to expose the greed and corruption of our governmental system and its monetary theft of the American people, Walter is the only one who actually has a solution instead of just another perspective on the problem: a peaceful, logical, economically viable, and extremely achievable grass-roots solution – but only with our help.
Restless Dream
Recently I received an e-mail from an up-and-comer, a newbie biker training to take on the heavy-weight roadway of the world, the one, the only, the formidable Panamericana. Jab, jab, feint. Yeah, Alaska to southern Argentina like it’s its job. Jab, jab, uppercut. Spit.
By changing the colors and sentiments a little it is very appropriate for girls or boys!
Then, you know what was bound to happen. It WILL happen to us. It already has, Enemies speak. We have had some add their opposing comments to this blog. I don’t mean people who have differing insights or opinions — but real enemies. You can always recognize their language. And most of our readers have met these enemies, often in person, as we speak out against the injustices being dealt to the weak and oppressed by their churches. The dragon is going to roar, and we just might get singed a bit. Sure enough, this is how it was for Nehemiah and the people. Sanballat, Tobiah, and Geshem, the evil stooges of the devil. And what do they do right off, just as evil, abusive people always do when their target is beginning to succeed? They jeer and mock and speak despising words. They accuse us falsely.
10.Big Fat Butterfly
As I got older and became a writer, I knew I wanted to write about it. But I didn't trust myself to write a historical novel or a literary novel -- I'm not a particular fan of either genre as a reader, and I'm a big believer that you should write the kind of book you love.
I am really tempted to pile the kids in the van and take off for the summer back to family in Ohio. But then again, we are working really hard in therapy at the moment with Sophie. Things are going really well. I can't just give that up and pull her out for an extended time away. Not to mention we have a solid week in hospital planned for Jude and Angelina mid summer. And my Lauren gets married in August! She needs me here to help with planning and prepping.
The group was made up of two girls and a guy, which is what they originally called themselves when they assembled the group in the summer of 1958. The two girls were Gretchen Christopher, born 29 February 1940, and Barbara Ellis, who was just nine days older than Gretchen. The guy was Gary Troxel, born 28 November 1939. All three lived in Olympia, Washington.
One: How I check and release as I ride. When you see my hand come up I am making contact with my hackamore and sending her forward with my legs. It's a reminder I'm there, asking her to move forward, gather herself, or all three.
TUES – corn dogs, baked fries, veggies + dip (KIDS night)
“A purported audio tape of Osama bin Laden aired on Al Jazeera television claimed responsibility for a December 25 attempted bombing of a U.S.-bound plane, and the al Qaeda leader vowed to continue attacks on the United States.” Reuters UK reported.
They are pretty rare here, and I always forget how much I miss them until one happens.
Note that it was a tad ironic for Bloomberg to read, a bit stumblingly, press release praise for Atlantic Yards Community Benefits Agreement (CBA) signatories after he'd previously denounced CBAs as "extortion." Of course he didn't recognize that job-training group BUILD has been sued.
I’ve been told that McCoy’s fate as a former starter was sealed when his father sounded off about the club’s handling of his concussion in the Pittsburgh game on Dec. 8.
and shouldn't we strive to make this place a prettier one in every way we can?
The doctor was astonished.
he is doing fine and so am I! I am praying it all continues to go well.
And the rain’s stopped falling
The opener, the sitar- and Moog-soaked take on "Jumpin' Jack Flash," is performed perfectly, with every choice accent milked for maximum drama. Once the novelty of sitar-dosed covers of your favorite songs wears off, you really begin to notice how excellent the performances are on this record. Ananda Shankar manages to bridge the gap between kitsch and fine art on these tracks, from the opener all the way to the cover of "Light My Fire." One minute he is playing simple notes like it was taking the place of a guitar, at other times utilizing the full reign of the sitar's sound possibilities. The originals on the album follow an equally impressive path. The dreamy, hazy bliss of tracks like "Snow Flower" and "Mamata" is both meditative and slinky -- light melodies with twisted atmospherics and tweaked Moogs. The drum breaks in the gurgling "Metamorphosis" are worth the price of the album alone. For the most part, the album rarely strays from the East-meets-West formula, with the Eastern rhythms getting the short shrift and the focus relying on Western funk and pop styles getting an Eastern makeover. This specific track guides the listener through a space/water odyssey over the course of 13 minutes. It's a slow build that gains momentum as the music progresses and flashes of acoustic guitar help the rhythm along. The final track is a great mixture of folk guitars that takes the focus away from the sitar for once, instead incorporating vocals and a chorus that manages to lock into a repeated chant that is the unexpected highlight of the album. - Allmusic
You see a new blog link for Industrial Wilderness. It is highly recommended.
Well, it might not seem too much when you think of Bellybutton, but this name actually has an important....importance concerning the metaphysical plane that our world belongs to.
Such a talented we team have, we are very lucky!!
puddin
Do you have one of those you share your life and living space with?
In 1995, I met Seth H. Moseley while working on a cable documentary about the Lindbergh Baby Kidnapping. I interviewed the legendary newspaperman about 1932, when he was a twenty-three year old cub reporter driving out to Hopewell, New Jersey right after the Lindbergh baby had been kidnapped. Because Seth had gone to Amherst College with Dwight Morrow, Anne Morrow-Lindbergh’s brother, his editor at The New York Journal thought Seth had an inside advantage over the 150 reporters on the scene. The editor was right and Seth obtained an exclusive interview with Charles A. Lindbergh hours after the world-famous aviator’s infant son was abducted. Seth Moseley had scooped the story of the twentieth century. But as I got to know and became friends with the intrepid former Associated Press reporter, I discovered Lindbergh was by no means Seth’s last exclusive.
If he had stood down a while ago, as he had promised, Nick Griffin might well have gone down in nationalism as someone who laid the groundwork for the party’s ascendancy.
Image/Stamp-Digital Image called Ballerina by D' Amour Allure
This post will be proof positive to the one person who ever reads it that I can be objective. Just because I don't like something, doesn't mean it isn't done right.
Stamp-front is My Pink Stamper Buggy Punnies, inside is Stampin Up
This romeo is bleeding
9. It’s Only Money (Ballard) 4:50
OK, not really, they use it because it works. It’s emotional shorthand. And while you can say its just a cliché, its a cliché that works. Because it’s universal. All of us have parents. Most of us know who they are. Issues with parents are things some people never work out. And when children become parents, it’s a chance to look at the whole thing from the other side. Kind of like starting over from a taller viewpoint.
In piecing the story together, Onesimus had wronged his master, Philemon, according to Philemon 18, and consequently fled; a runaway slave. Had you been a slave in that day where would you go? If you wanted to get lost, go to the largest city, which was Rome. If you wanted to get rich, you would go to the centre of the, then known world, Rome.
each other.
"It is horrifying to think of the number of rape victims in Gauteng who have been denied justice due to bad policing practice. These survivors of brutal sex crimes are now being re-traumatised as they realise their cases have not been properly dealt with by the police.
Have you read the novel The Search Committee? It’s a popular pick on resource center discussion groups and blogs, especially in the southeastern part of the country. The author is Tim Owens, a ruling elder from Summerville, South Carolina.
Sara's second problem is gastrointestinal. Apparently all the Miralax we had been told to give her may have been making matters worse. We don't know what the real issue is, but the doctors think it may be neurologically related. So we will be off to see a gastro specialist in Shreveport soon. The neurosurgeon did see a spot on the CT scan that concerned him. He said it may be damage from the stroke she suffered at birth, that is now beginning to show up. This could be the cause of the gastro problems. We actually remember the neonatal pediatrician telling us that gastro problems could be neurological. That's all we know, thankfully we pray to an awesome God who already knows. We'll keep you posted so you can know how to pray.
Christmas decorations, dental appointments, the “Men in sheds” Xmas lunch for the terminally self-employed.
“I alone am left a prophet of the Lord; but Baal’s prophets are four hundred and fifty men. Therefore let them give us two bulls; and let them choose one bull for themselves, cut it in pieces, and lay it on the wood, but put no fire under it; and I will prepare the other bull, and lay it on the wood, but put no fire under it. Then you call on the name of your gods, and I will call on the name of the Lord; and the God who answers by fire, He is God.”
Q. You’re tackling the first novelisation of a TV series and, at the same time, your Nic Costa books are being serialised for TV. Do you have a strong preference for one media over the other? What do you consider to be the particular strengths of each?
This was the first time I’ve ever created a fictional kingdom in one of my books, and it was huge fun. The only information I was given about Santosa was that it was ‘a small island principality off the coast of Brazil’, so the rest was up to me. A lovely couple of hours of cyber-tourism led me to the island of Fernando de Noronha and this became the inspiration for Santosa.
I’m also interested in rereading some of the classics I read in high school, and revisiting them as an adult. I read “Streetcar Named Desire” in high school and I went to see the play on Broadway last weekend.
It’s CycloMAYnia and National Bike Month is officially here in the US! With longer, milder days in the northern hemisphere, it’s time to recognize bicycling for the multitude of benefits it provides – improving our health, economy, and environment.
(I could see if you deep fried food this recipe would come in handy, as the ingredients would be good taste of spices.)
According to Cedar Points web page:
I actually have the next TWO days off, as it’s Paul’s birthday on Tuesday. We were going to go down to Whitstable tomorrow and spend the day/night there, but rain is forecast, and Whitstable is no fun in the rain so we’re staying at home instead. We will potter around tomorrow and see his family in the evening for a celebratory meal, and then spend a day together on Tuesday, probably in London village. I’m on the look-out for a decent exhibition or something, although I’m thoroughly tempted to take him to watch Titanic 3D at the Imax. I’m not sure he’d ever forgive me though…
I’m not sure why it’s been such a long week and why it left me so drained. It was a typical week for me in terms of schedule. But maybe it’s just this issue I’m struggling with, and that’s consuming a lot of my energy.
And notice what happened when our Lord healed the man with leprosy:
WHAT???
Full results of the European Indoor Championships can be found here. Next weekend we will have the final “big” meet of the indoor season – the NCAA championships. I will have my predictions up as soon as the final start lists are announced.
However, I did receive some goodies in the mail.
Ok I guess it's time for this.
It’s been almost 20 years since that day in the Barnes and Noble, and last month the thirteenth book in this series came out. Let me say that again: the thirteenth book in the series. I almost can’t believe it. Yet, like that famous Japanese dog that returned to the train station each day to meet its master even after the master had died, I return to Robert Jordan’s books—ironically even now that he himself has died.
The Cape's overall plot is super over the top, expecting you to suspend your disbelief farther than you might be comfortable with. The concept of keeping a secret identity in a digital age is a tough one. Don't know how Superman continues to do it.. but maybe you just have to let go in order to have fun sometimes (ex: those who picked apart the plot of Tron: Legacy and couldn't just enjoy the ride). Once you can have a sense of humor and let go, you open yourself up to more fun experiences. This goes for life in general. (Or you can just pretend everyone knows Vince is the Cape and they are just playing along to make him happy, it's also very funny that way.)
Service: In between Meeps and Mercedes Bien. She gave good advice on things I tried on, but didn't run around finding things I might like. (This was perfect for me)
But another clear lesson is that austerity has to be seen as a means, not an end. The goal is to recover from the massive blow inflicted by the global financial meltdown and return to prosperity. This may involve a measure of austerity — but definitely requires considerable economic growth, which should be policymakers’ first priority.
This particular 'educational institution' had links to terrorism and the most vile extremist ideologies. I very much doubt if any of the 'protesters' would be happy to find a general Christian university in their city, let alone a Christian version of this, terror labs and all. I certainly wouldn't.
Yesterday, the six-year-old attended the birthday party of one of her friends. So we talked about what we thought the birthday girl would like, combed through the fabric stash for inspiration, and ended up making this little kitty. My daughter designed and stuffed it, while I did the sewing machine and hand finishing grunt work.
One hour later, his operative delivered the luggage to the front desk. He said he was delivering for South African Airlines, there had been a mix up, “please give them our apologies.” The front desk called up. The Op was gone. The desk had the luggage sent upstairs and Jorrie’s wife didn’t know a damned thing about what had just transpired.
For days I practiced handing my stress over, my pain, my anger, not just at this particular experience, but with everything. I have been practicing it ever since – and I have felt profound shifts, whenever I remember to use it, Prunella et al make me forget regularly, but they can’t make me forget this experience. It has made me more present and far more aware.
When I think about it, letting go of my resentfulness and embracing joy is the least I can do during this time when we’re reflecting on the great sacrifice of our Lord and the joy he was preparing to deliver.
Mary Did You Know
“Oh,” was Harold’s singular reply as he gazed off, drooling.
The director also told the Hollywood Reporter that the snippets of footage shown at CinemaCon in Las Vegas also did not have the postproduction, such as “extensive digital grading,” that he utilized on LOTR to enhance the experience and urged fans not to rush to judgment until the work is finished.
Abdullah’s position on Palestine is a strange reason to cut links. Cameron will have to understand that very many Muslims here in Britain support the killing machine Hamas. There is one particular distinction politicians need to understand. That is, many Muslims believe in terrorism against the Israelis but not terrorism at home. They couldn’t believe in that; could they? Muslims would hardly get away with saying that they think that terrorism on their own soil is legitimate. That would result in political suicide. And many Muslims are far too clever for that. Let the official loonies, the Bad Muslim Cops, like Islam4UK, Muslim Against Crusades and Hizb ut-Tahrir, hint at the legitimacy of home-grown terrorism. Many of the Good Muslim Cops believe that too. Of course they do not say it. Well, they don’t say it to the Birmingham Mail or on Question Time. Whether they say it in private or not, I will leave it to the reader to decide.
When all the visitors on board obeyed the ship's announcement?
We find it surprising that no one else deduced Mr. von Niederhoffentanger’s lack of familial ties.
When real tragedies occur, the surviving stars do their best to keep their comments respectful. But when the creepiness stops just short of ending someone's life, Hollywood's PR machine acts like it's hit the jackpot."When we were putting together the press tour for 'Amityville,' Ryan Reynolds and the other stars kept bringing up everything from the real-life deaths that surrounded the shoot to the fact that Ryan kept waking up in the middle of the night around the same time that his character did," said one of the film's publicists. "It's some creepy stuff, but to those of us behind-the-scenes on horror movies, it helps
“You think the anti-rat fly-paper would work?” I asked.
Faith allows us to see love where our eyes see only grief and loneliness.
Spouse(s) Estelle Oldham
“Robyn! No!” I pulled my hand out of her grip at last. “What about what mum said? What about noon?”
I used to fear having kids because of what I saw in other moms.
The Tardis stopped.
Please don't be confused by the title. It's not me lol - been there, done that and NEVER again :).
Living in the San Francisco Bay Area, I know full well how intolerant, hateful, and perverse the Left are. But this is outrageous even for the Bay Area!
“Good morning, Ship.”
“We're big girls and boys now. We have to go back.”
Amit Bansal answers, I can understand your situation, however force fit is a normal process during appraisal process. You may want to assess your management’s perspective to do this objectively and complete justice towards each member of your team.
****Update***
What the whole journey has taught me is best summed up by a quote from Ronald Reagan, when I saw him campaign for President back in 1976. When asked about how government was going to solve a particular social problem Mr. Reagan shot back, “Government is not here to solve your problems…..government IS the problem.” I thought I knew what he meant when I heard him say it, but looking back now, I know what he was really talking about.
Stage Two: Shame and Doubt. You’re in dance class. Your teacher asks you to demonstrate a new move or step. You want to… but this is more than insecurity, is this a panic attack? You may experience the feeling of astro-projecting out of your body and your confidence is trapped in a box. You can’t see your body moving right, even if it is. You start to wonder why you are in the class at all. A welling feeling is starting in your stomach and starting to ooze into your face. Irrational thoughts have taken over. You may wish to start screaming and crying. Please don’t. Save your sobs for a more appropriate time and place.
Fuck you cunt quit contacting me.
A tango starts always by the man making the first step but still is not dominated by him. And from the male perspective, I adore (and prefer) tangeras who know how to take initiatives, as this makes the dance more challenging, alive and creative. On the other hand, it is extremely unpleasant to dance with somebody who doesn’t follow. My role is to introduce the musicality and primarily control the space in the milonga, respecting my partner and the other people. So dancing with a person who acts on its own is very tiring and transforms tango into a sequence of ‘unfulfilled intensions’ rather that a creative communication.
The beer itself pours quite lively but settles down quickly to a deeply coloured glassful, dark brown beer with ruby flashes and a deep tan yellow head. Very attractive looking drink indeed.
Few days back I started with posting some vadagam and powders recipes. Today had scheduled to post one powder/podi recipe and all of a sudden changed my mind and am posting this delicious and healthy breakfast or snack item can be had even for dinner. Making the batter and some preparations for it is very simple and main thing it can be made instant other than time needed for soaking. The method for making is same as making batter for pesarattu( Green Moong dosa). Only difference is this is poured in paniyaram pans and cooked.
“He promised he was a different kind of Conservative, a Conservative that cared about the NHS – but he has broken all his promises to our NHS.
I was on my way to Target.
According to the story, Sahibañ, once, when struck by the maulvi for not memorizing her lesson correctly, addresses him thus:
I hope everyone has a wonderful Easter Day! Ours will be quiet, as both my kids are grown and live hundreds of miles away. I wish I could go be with them!
The woman who came in to do my ultrasound...I think she had been in my room for 2 seconds by the time I started firing questions at her. She was kind and said that the perinatologist would be able to answer them. I just wanted to know if she was going to be looking at specific things...haha She said she had been working there for two weeks (she has done ultrasounds for a lot longer, just new to childrens hospital) .. um...way to attack the new girl. She asked why I was so upset and I told her... because there isn't a picture of my daughter with "danger danger crazy lady" signs on the front of my file. She said that the scan she did on me is the easiest one she's done in a long time because the morphology of the patients she usually sees makes it difficult to visualize structures (read everyone she scans is totally obese) I guess me being 20 pounds over my usual weight although I am still in the normal range for my height doesn't put me in the category of fat in anyone else's book except mine.
In other news, this lovely, brand new, I paid full price for it necklace that I have worn twice fell apart on me in the middle of rehearsal. Luckily, the beading didn't come undone. Cleaning up that many yellow jellybean beads would have been a nightmare. Now I just need to figure out what to do with them all.
#He is synonymous to love (only coz his name meant it), a flirt, and absolute entertainment. A bully to the core but that is his specialty. We share a mutual attitude towards each other (good & bad). He is the reason i’ll always remember April 1st.
Police said three armed men had entered the station’s community service centre at 10.30pm and demanded guns from two policemen on duty.
And finally, in our master bedroom we created artwork made from our children's birth dates. Also extremely inexpensive and yet priceless. I simply printed out the dates on the computer.
As you can see by my recent lack of blog posting, I have been EXTREMELY busy lately and haven't had much time to do anything other than work work work. The last time I was able to actually get out and do something was a few weeks ago when I tore myself away long enough to enjoy lunch with the fam at Old Chicago and it seems like an eternity ago! Here are a few pics from that day.......
Hey penguins!
light fog. I tell ya, nothing is better for the soul, than to get
Well, frankly, it's a little anticlimactic, but hey, we might get a free Shake Weight out of it:
I don’t even truly remember this incident. When I try and pull it up in my mind, all I get is the shadowy almost-memory of a story told so many times, you can almost see yourself there. My mother is the one who always told me this story, until I got older and started repeating it myself to those who queried me in-depth about my dietary choices.
As you can see now, there is an active Donation button to the right on our page. This takes you to a page that is hosted and sponsored by the GSF, and it is live. If you click it, you are not obligated to make a donation by that act alone, so feel free to explore. Though, if you have the cash, don't hold back either! Because if you do, and some have, you will be issued a receipt that you can use with the IRS at tax time.
A few weeks ago I recently got onto the blogger website and wanted to look up an old friend’s blogger site. I went back and started reading some of the older entries and I was laughing so hard at some of the stuff he entered. Most of the stuff I was involved in and it was amazed how just reading those entries brought back so many memories.
When Luke has his first nightmare, he's haunted by a dark figure from his dreams. A strange entity is reaching out to the world, with terrible consequences for the whole human race. Luke faces life-changing events, and Bannerman Road will never be the same again.
Ever been to the Sengkang Sculpture Park? No? Here are some pictures. You can walk from the Sengkang MRT to get here, then follow the LRT lines to Compassvale Street .
I am telling the story of our lives together in bits and pieces. At some point there will be a coherent narrative, but for today, I just wanted to remember the day Traci moved in. If I had to do it all over again, I would not change a thing. Frida, Muddy Waters and all.
Also at this time, on a monthly basis, key leading activists and administrators were complaining to me about issues that I could clearly see that were arising within the structure of the Party, and were asking me to bring them to the Chairman’s attention on the basis that I could not be sacked from my position and that they could! I duly did so and the result was that I was sacked as Barking and Dagenham Organiser- again!
Heck. Even if Ulysses Grant got elected president under his original first name, Hiram, he'd still be the only Simon. No Harolds or Harveys.
Definitely! There's a more laid-back feel to SoCal so I started dressing more casually when I moved here. I also started wearing more color. People don't wear as much black here as they do on the East Coast.
You know, I'm only beginning to get a handle on the promotional leg of my publishing journey. But with friends like this, I think it'll be a cinch. Thank you, Aniket. Your signed copy is on its way to India. Along with my gratitude.
Coming to consoles on May 1, we’re going back to the early 2000s with the Mt. Eddie DLC Pack for the arcadey snowboarding title, SSX. The DLC will actually encompass two packs, one being the retro mountain itself complete with nine drops for racing and tricking alike. The second pack will be a “classic characters” pack taken from Tricky and SSX3 each with a unique snowboard and alternative colorways for their outfits. Not only that, the first pack will also contain 3 classic music tracks. Unfortunately, no word on the music or characters coming quite yet.
The experience of writing DARKROOM was like no other. This book unfolded itself and required very little editing in terms of the story. I had a clear idea of the plot, the characters, and the setting, and the high concept (visions in the darkroom leading to the exposing of a huge conspiracy cover-up.) At one point, my trusted first reader (my wife) pointed out to me that my protagonist Xandra Carrick’s voice had changed. I saw what she meant and went back to correct that and make it more consistent. But for the most part, I was typing to all hours of the night.
It’s as if we want out children to grow up fast by forcing adult themed entertainment on them as soon as possible.
exquisite jewel. On the cusp of womanhood, the talented weaver must decide whether to save her family from financial ruin, or follow her heart. Thrust into the hands of Aleksander Othman, a ruthless warlord eager to manipulate her gift and steal her virtue, Katarina must spin a heap of straw into a stack of
Always: It is SO worth going inside to get.
In Acts 1:8, Jesus Christ gave a commission to his disciples. He said,
One of the key people responsible for brewing this and the other Boag’s beers is Stephen Jensen a brewing Team Leader and a genuinely nice bloke. (Are there any other kinds of brewers, really?) Stephen happened to be on holiday (many Tasmanians come to Melbourne during winter chasing warmer days – though not many like Stephen who hails originally from Ipswich) and was more than happy to meet and greet the folks at The Plough and to answer their brewing questions.
Thin Spaghetti- 1/2 pack (1lbs pack)
Served from the oven, the Lamb and Potatoes were placed in the centre of the table with serving spoon, fork and tongs. The Lamb had benefited from every minute of its 7 hours, the meet falling from the bone. The potatoes were the standout, crisp with a rich onion taste from white onions reduced to almost puree. I could order this on its own, although I don't think my belt has enough notches to cope.
Your goal should be to have 80% of your diet alkalizing and 20% acidic. Top choices are marked with a *.
Last week our own Governor Cuomo “announced a groundbreaking agreement on a new statewide evaluation system that will make New York State a national leader in holding teachers accountable for student achievement.” Standing side by side by side with union leaders they hailed the “state’s commitment to put in place a real and effective teacher evaluation system.”
I’ve generally kept an active lifestyle. From elementary school through the first half of high school, I was a competitive gymnast. (And for the record, gymnastics didn’t cause my ED; my coach was the first to pick up on it and the first to urge me to get help.) In college, I started learning US Yoshukai Karate and started competing at tournaments around the Southeast. I did have to take a five-year break from most physical activity due to back pain so bad I could hardly stand for more than 30 minutes per day, but that has been successfully treated. Now I walk almost everywhere I go–appointments, pharmacy, grocery shopping, knitting group–and take a kung fu class three times a week.
When I disturbed it, the snake had slid unhurriedly into the surrounding meadow, reluctant to leave its warm den. But last week's shrew took a more panicked flight, scurrying to an escape tunnel and wiggling its bum in a last goodbye. An extraordinary little thing I thought, ludicrous in its way, like a tiny vole with Pinocchio's nose. Next moment it was gone.
In the 1960s and early 1970s, Giuseppina was broadcast 185 times on British television.And here it is in full:
What does Martha already believe about the resurrection of the dead and about Jesus even before Lazarus is brought back to life?
We're going! At first Mister told me we wouldn't be able to because tickets were no longer available. He told me he would make it up to me though. Well a little bit ago, he sent me a text telling me to get my dress ready. I was very confused at what he was talking about. Apparently, one of the guys s/o can't go, so he gave the ticket to Mister so I could come! Yay me!!
You’re getting along fairly well, both physically and mental health-wise. You’ve been dealing with horrendous dental issues that have plagued you on and off since the morning of Christmas Eve when, while innocently brushing your teeth, you felt an unholy bitch of a pain which subsequently led to an extraction, three root canals, and a series of under-the-gum scrapings. Okay, that hasn’t been the best. But otherwise, you’re back to watching what you eat, exercising fairly regularly and feeling pretty good most of the time.
And finally, here's the manicure I chose to wear for my birthday, and it's the Pupa polish I just showed you.
JetBlue took about 900 employees when it moved to its new location. Their departure has affected the amount of business some store owners near the towers are getting since the company left.
in ways that no-one but the objects of their Loving-kindness will ever know.
I did not go the DIY approach. I can’t figure out the programs to save my life. Luckily, I was introduced to Renee over at The Cover Counts – http://thecovercounts.blogspot.com/
I saw old friends I hadn't seen in ages. One of them it's been over 12 years and she hasn't changed a bit. The other whisked me away to a speakeasy in Soho. I tasted two cocktails themed on tea, amazing, and after ate some of the best food I have ever eaten in London at a little
For see, my friend goes shaling and white;
Cookies and caraway cakes soaked in cider, fruits, nuts, pork dishes, turkey, eggnog, ginger tea, spiced cider, wassail, or lamb's wool (ale, sugar, nutmeg, roasted apples).
And that might leave a mark.
Ten people who deserve this award?
THEN if you have instagram with tilt shift effect you can really enjoy yourself!
4) ABC Sunday Showcase: Oklahoma City Thunder @ Los Angeles Lakers 2:30 pm
When people were babying me or talking down to me and making me feel stupid, it was because I was not portraying my own value. If the value of my self-worth was radiating, there would be no need for someone to talk down to me. If I were to be arrogant and speak down to someone, of course that person or someone else would put me back in my place and bring me back to earth.
I read at Therese Fowler's blog, Making it Up that October is National Book Club Month, and it got me thinking. So many of us have towering TBR stacks, wouldn't it be nice if we could choose a book that lots of us want to read and target some future date that we'd like to blog about it? Just an idea. October is too far gone, but I'll take my inspiration from this month. Perhaps we could choose a book sometime over the next few weeks and then choose a date around the first of the year to blog about it -- no need to pressure ourselves more than we already do.
Pythagoras’ name first popped up when I learned about geometry. And it popped up again when I delved a little into classical philosophy and theories of music in my early 20s (and by delve I mean the reading equivalent of finger food).
Rated R
This is a high calibre web site that at a glance gives you the level of difficulty on the trail to the waterfall(s), route distance, and estimated time to hike. Of course you also get a map, and photos of the waterfalls.
I wish that I had more self discipline when it comes to spending money and putting money into savings. I know that this is something that I can rectify with a lot of serious planning and some more self-restraint, but it is something that is going to require a lot of mental effort.
Humans caused fires to shift from their 1,000-year-maximum range to their 1,000-year-minimum range in less than 100 years.
During a time when cleaned up the freezer, I found a box of left over raw pork belly. The pork belly was too fat that I didn't want to use it for my cooking. So, I thought off making pork lards with the air-fryer.
Sunday - slept in until 7am. Got up, had coffee, took a shower and got ready. Made breakfast for the house with friends from Friday's dinner, and walked around town before the parade. The Youngest called once while I was wandering. Got back in time to decorate my car and get the beads loaded in. The Youngest called a second time right before the parade. I drove the parade while listening to music, and throwing beads to the record crowd. After the parade, pitched in to clean up the house, and wandered back downtown to finish shopping. The Oldest called to ask when I would be home and if the parade was over. Volunteered to clean up from the Carnivale celebration, then had some fantastic Thai food for dinner. Back at the house for a couple of hours of visiting, and in bed around 11pm.
better equip and train the armed
1- Be organized:
The Diamond League is proving to be an abject failure on several levels, including what it is doing to what few meets we have left here in the United States. It seems like there is little real thought going into the scheduling process – especially when it comes to creating meets in the U.S. that a) have any real appeal, and b) that make any kind of logistical sense.
you are liable to do damage to your head.
In order for Hubby to make his plane tomorrow, I have to get up at 3:30AM. He is going to OWE me big time after this one. As if, getting up at 4:30AM is not ungodly enough. Tomorrow is going to be my grumpiest day EVER….that is until I get my Guiness. Stay away, I warn you….just stay away.
written in a time before computers and mobile phones!!!!
11:58 a.m. — Lifted the grain bag out of the first pot and let it drain for a minute before transferring it to the other and remixing.
-post the rules. check.
What appalling men's fashion blunders have you noticed lately?
LDL Cholesterol (bad kind): 111
I figured out halfway through the pattern sewing that this fabric has stretch. Nope, I never noticed before. I left the zipper off since I could squeeze it over my head. That won't work with a non-stretch fabric though. I *might* have had to restitch a bit of the waist seam after popping some stitches when trying it on.
This foaming hand wash cleanses your hands with organic extracts of acai and maqui berry to soothe and restore dry, sensitive skin.
Honestly, if anyone should be called out for pitchiness, it’s Philip. But the judges said nothing about it. Nada..zero. Now, I love Philip and I actually really liked this performance, particularly with the brother in law playing guitar and joining in with harmony. But he was under the note a lot…. and by the way… not for the first time. We have accepted that with him, as part of the gruff growly character of his voice…. Dylan-like. In this performance, though, it was more blatant, and I feel that if they are calling out Elise, they should have called Philip out too.
KueKue
However, I did not hesitate one moment when buying “De Bello Lemures – or the Roman War against the Zombies of Armorica” written by Lucius Artorius Castus and translated and edited (wink!) by Thomas Brookside. I had made up my mind to buy it even before I read the fragment available online. I was sold on by the title, by the fantastic cover (when in Rome, I have put my hand inside that mouth – la Bocca della Verità, the Mouth of Truth – and it didn’t bite my hand!) and by the idea.
In Ms Wente's column, Ms Lewis is describing the same autistic boy who Michael Lewis, her husband, promised to institutionalize "immediately" or "shortly thereafter" if ever his ABA program stops for any reason.
2. The line in green - this is your picture URL in Photobucket. If you hover over the picture that you want to use, a pop up box will appear. Choose "Direct Link". Paste that code where it is green.
4. Michael, Andrew And James
I probably screamed that into the phone.
It's graphite...intended to help the seed flow more smoothly through the planter and into the ground. As soon as he told me what it was, I remembered way back when our kids made Pine Wood Derby cars, and we put graphite on the wheels/axles to make them run faster. It's the same concept.
Who's damaging my mail? Last week I've already found a letter open in my mailbox (hopefully nothing was missing), and today I received a letter in this yellow plastic bag you can see on the picture above. Why was it in this bag? Because the envelope was torn. Literally. Look out:
Not to be outdone, the bands provide the heartbeat of the show with music that is a pleasure to hear for both young and old. I’m sure Raffi is a very nice man, but seriously, dude, throw the parents a bone! True all-ages appeal is where Seattle’s kindiependent music scene really shines. I’ve heard “Five Little Monkeys Jumping on the Bed” so many times I just want to push them all off, but it was impressive to see how Johnny Bregar’s bluesy rendition of the kiddie classic brought the ankle-biting mosh pit spontaneously to its feet. Despite the Country Dawgs’ impressive musicianship and thoroughly entertaining set, however, Recess Monkey stole the show by turning the gig into a high-octane dance party.
It was a day to go to the beach, but first we would stop at Landhouse Papaya and another landhouse that has been used as a gallery by a fairly famous local artist for about the last 20 years.
Today, I went to the grocery store and had a good ol' fashioned "ugly cry" in the cereal aisle. I am no stranger to crying in grocery stores. Or cereal aisles. The only difference this time was that you were not with me. Do you remember, Stacy? Crying together in front of neatly shelved Cocoa Puffs?
They continue to believe that there is plenty of work out there and that all the need to do is to give people a ‘nudge’ to go and get it.
The next legislative break on eminent domain came in 2004, during a legislative session when the Republicans were taking over the Georgia legislature (they took over the state Senate in 2003 and the House in 2005). One new Republican State Senator, an engineer, introduced a bill to promote development. It had a new and dangerous feature: it allowed developers to make deals in which local governments would be obligated to condemn the property of third parties on the developer’s behalf.
After, we headed back home, where I preceded to walk another 9 km home, I felt much better about my journey to Australia. Despite some small bumps along the road, I am overjoyed to be here. The trip was a great way to meet new people and to see some amazing sights in Australia. I cannot wait to explore more of this amazing country. Things are looking up.
We have waited for you for so long. So many people have thought of you, and prayed for you. Now you are here, I feel beyond blessed. Today, you are 1 week old. Happy 1 week birthday my angel.
It helps a lot to be married to the most wonderful woman in the world who happens to be a lifecoach…;)
To create your own-
At times I have used cloth diapers for my babies. I really wanted to go all cloth for Caedmon, but Jeff didn't want to invest that much money into diapers that would most likely only be used for one child. Caedmon is still in diapers, but is working on potty training and is wearing training pants a good bit of the day.
"The universe works with you and for you. It is not your enemy."
Somehow, though, lying just isn’t as funny when adults do it. I hope my son doesn’t get too sophisticated too quickly. I don’t want to have to not laugh at his lies. I mean his jokes.
I made this card for my neighbor who watched our cats while we went camping.. I am late...again!!! The vertigo I had that week kind of threw everything back a bit. It takes me a good week to get my bearings again after these episodes so.............I am late in getting my thank you....but hopefully she will think this card is worth the wait???!!!!
There’s the sarcastic applause, which is a kind of slow-clap, which I am guilty of using entirely too much.
A: This handy chart outlines the levels of NFL membership, and how it figures a school’s “strength,” as well as individual levels of service points that may be awarded:
Mr. Worden
It's only a matter of time before we get build outs, those annoying square based speed bumps and traffic islands ruining our countryside A-roads just because they run within 5 miles of a house. Who wants to help me build an island?
Summary of the past year: Polyface farm internship. Starting in October 2010 we became Polyface contractors, running a 300-acre rental farm. We've got lots of animals right now- 400 head of cattle, 1600 egg-layers, broilers both in the field and in the brooder, turkeys in the brooder, our personal rabbits, and our personal (very small) dairy herd (no one is in milk right now). We love it here.
4 squares (113 g) of semisweet chocolate
Step 2 – Pick your location within that Country
4) Pneumothorax: this is also called a collapsed lung and happens when air gets between the chest wall and the lung. This can be due to trauma or even occur spontaneously
In metro-New York.
Short track speedskaters who will be there:
And tusked like the great cave bear;
Books Read:
Only one critique I can make is that by dating written literature you are not considering how knowledge was passed down from teacher to the student in verbal form before it got written and codified. Simply by dating the written literature we cannot say that the concepts in that literature are not ancient and Vedic.
Now this one does have two implications. One the player knows that their character is going to rush in before a plan is formed or before it is even fully understood what the party is facing (which could have the potential of frustrating players- more on this in a moment). If the character survives, in comes the second implication: Player Conflict.
10. Birds & Booze Blues - 4:56
So if she had been a non-resident alien on a tourist visa, but she filled out that voter registration paper, they would've given her in-state tuition status.
Rent - £700
Put the cookies on a hot baking sheet and bake in a preheated oven (at 250°C) at 200°C for 10 to 15 minutes. Take out of the oven before they become gold color and leave them to cool down on a wire rack.
That meant that I had a new toy. My little arms clutched tightly to his velvet texture and squeezed into his fluffy body with deep admiration. He was so soft and inviting, and I was never going to let him go.
He also stated that it purged them very much.
The air was hot and thick with ash; the shetl had burned easily, even without gasoline. Obersturmfuhrer Werner Stolik was pleased with this – the army was moving quickly through the wide open steppes of Russia, and gasoline was becoming increasingly difficult to replace. Bullets, too; he’d ordered the villagers to be bayoneted, to avoid further wastage.
Hüsker Dü - New Day Rising - 1985
bake 350 for 45 min to 1 hour
Ahoy!
The last power surge killed a work computer and I'm hacking at a disabled system daily to save my business. Yikes.
I thought so.
I make no apology for the fact that I *love* the campaign and online of Battlefield: Bad Company 2. Battlefield 3 is from the same makers but is the sequel to Battlefield 2, as opposed to Bad Company 2. Which means it’s more realistic and less like Kelly’s Heroes. We played the online beta (which releases to everyone on Thursday 29th September 2011) and I have to say ‘wow.’ Once I’d got used to the changes (the recoil kicks especially) I had a great few rounds. Graphically great this is definitely a step up from any other shooter out there.
Now if you look at my plein air you will see that as landscapes go, this one isn’t very good. That doesn’t matter to me because it’s just a sketch done for my own enjoyment.
After 8 months of living abroad, exploring 6 countries, almost 8,000 pictures, over 8,200 blog hits, countless amazing memories and experiences, and learning so many things about myself along this journey, I am now focusing on settling into my Canadian life and figuring out what I want my future to look like.
And spent the next two weeks shaking off and on from sheer rage at what happened and fright you would hurt yourself. But I didn’t have you to wrap my arms around so I would stop shaking.
In our second podcast of the festive season we chose some of our favourite tunes we've played in this year's transmissions, invited a few friends along to pick some songs too and all drank far too much. The results are a great batch of songs and some pretty sloppy mic work! It was great fun to make and we only actually remember a lot of it after having listened back with sober heads. Thanks to everyone who came along and joined in the festivities. Download one for yourself here.
Point Presenter #2: Aruja Vashi
Hello! My name is Pamela and I am one of the gals who works for Thea at Thea's Interiors. I am here one day a week and have a great time helping customers, rearranging small displays and dusting, dusting, dusting! The rest of the time, I am a stay at home mother, lover of art and design, avid traveler and gardener. I also love to do projects around the house like sprucing up an orphan piece of furniture found at Goodwill! I"ll be joining Thea in posting once a week.
Discover What I Want To Do
Yesterday was a fairly quiet day. He is getting morphine and adavan regularly to help keep him calm and breathe easier. Mom has also noticed that touching him, hands, face, arm, seems to really stimulate him and bring on more coughing. So we just hold his hand lightly. He had a coughing fit around 8 and again in the middle of the night where fluid backed up into his throat and needed to be suctioned. The fluid comes from the little bit of water they have to give him with some of his meds. Not all of his meds can be given with a shot; two of them have to go into the feeding tube. This morning Mom said they have bumped up his morphine a step, and it seems to help him stay comfortable for a longer period of time.
Roman William Prendergast was born at 10.31am on Wednesday 2nd Feb (his due date). He weighed 8lb 4oz! and was 57cm long. He is super alert, stares a lot and I love him.
Gingrich: this week will be the most important
— Be vigilant and courageous about holding those with power accountable.
I like and respect her, for her style and for her comfort with who she is.
For coffee, we recommend Divine Coffee, in High Pavement. Good atmosphere, excellent cup of coffee (we actually went twice in the end and tried different brews!), and a friendly pair of guys running the place. Ashe, the owner, only bakes on certain days, and we hear that his cupcakes and tray bakes disappear in hours, so you’ve got to be lucky to hit the place at the right time. We missed out this time, but we’ll be back for sure.
Ce matin nous avons découvert le (la) coupable....
It’s alright if you haven’t decided yet but as responsible Filipino citizen and faithful follower of your Church, you need to take a stand.
“North Carolina” I whispered.
business in Benue is relatively
I'm glad I got to "see" the Met's exhibit but found this key cite to be somewhat disconnected to the barefoot, whooping in delight, public yet private, magical sense I have felt at the others. It's like wishing you were in love with a best friend. You want to make it work so badly, because it would be so beautiful and easy to keep it controlled, and yet, in the end, you wind up yearning for those reckless butterflies.
" What ?"
* Emory University (USA)
They speak the truth with no words,
The Accountant agrees that Cage can fulfil his mission first and then go back to Hell, which is like reasoning with children at bedtime. He’s just going to keep on pushing it and whining about how he needs to be alive for this, it’s so unfair, none of his friends have to be dead this early, and then Supernanny will have to intervene and put him in the naughty corner. But, okay, five more minutes of decimating Satanists, and then definitely upstairs to brush your teeth, young man…
Stories of Your Life and Others by Ted Chiang - Hands down the best single author collection I have ever read. Go and buy it now. I'm not kidding in the least. Small Beer recently re-released it so it should be easy to track down. Chiang is the living master of the short form. Everything from the re-telling of the building of the tower of Babel to the inner mind of a man given super intelligence make this my I-can't-believe-I-haven't-read-this-before book of the year. Highly recommended.
“I tell you, this man went down to his house justified rather than the other; for every one that exalteth himself shall be abased; and he that humbleth himself shall be exalted.”
You can buy Global Game Jam: 48 Hours of Persistence, Programming and Pizza exclusively from Amazon.co.uk and the international family of Amazon sites, and if you already have it you can leave a review for it. Buy it in paperback here, and on Kindle here.
4. In The Sky
But this happened all the time. My favourite was on day 9, some 20 hours into the game, when the same friend started talking about how he couldn’t play on for much longer. He said that if things didn’t resolve themselves soon he’d give up. He was so tired, he said.
The only problem: the ice cream was mush.
The other good thing I need to mention is due to my work with vInspired, I received a certificate on Tuesday assessing my role throughout the night, what skills I had demonstrated and what others thought of me during the night. It played an important role when I went to Birmingham. After all of this I think I need to lay down. Keep checking and you will see more of what is going on.
Not because today I am officially taking care of two little ones on my own, but because I miss her.
Instead of the weekly show just doling out an endless stream of identikit performances, each week the finalists are set tasks to learn a new skill, produce other finalists’ songs, write a new piece of music etc.
In her long journey, Margaret has certainly left an indelible imprint on SCBWI - such a quiet woman so she needs us to loudly declare her role in the phenomenal growth of our organization.
In boxing parlance, they feint and dance but don't hit you. They are cold and empty.
We were great during those years. I was happy with my two children. I knew I would not have anymore and I was fine with that.
Third, A Clockwork Orange is in many ways a black comedy — with many bizarre jokes and details in it that some audiences are afraid to laugh at. The gang’s strong but slow-witted droog Dim (an excellent Warren Clarke) has a conversation with one of the Korova Milk Bar’s statues before dispensing milk from its breasts. Sexualized artwork seems to be pervasive in society — even in the homes of respectable people. The two girls Alex meets at the Chelsea Drugstore before taking them home enjoy very suggestively shaped popsicles. Alex kills the cat lady by smashing her in the head with a large porcelain phallus, after she reprimands him for playing with it. Alex’s 60-year old mom, whose personality is weak and conservative, walks around in brightly colored wigs, skirts and go-go boots. Both the performances of Alex’s truant officer (Aubrey Morris) and the head guard (Michael Bates) at the prison are ridiculously over the top. Bates in particular seems to be channeling Michael Palin from Monty Python. Also exaggerated is the character of author Frank Alexander (Patrick Magee) who is now a widower and quite insane when Alex unwittingly comes to his home (clearly marked HOME on the outside) a second time after being let out of prison. When Alex returns to his parents after his release only to find they’ve rented his room, what should be a touchingly sad scene is complimented with the Erika Eigen’s chipper ditty “I Want to Marry a Lighthouse Keeper.” Alex comes out of his coma at the hospital, interrupting a doctor and nurse mid-coitus behind a partition. And when Alex’s parents offer their bedside apologies to him, the frame also contains a food basket containing a box with the words “EAT ME” prominently displayed. Sick, but funny.
the other children around him.
Wondering if the lilies are still flowering or faded -
I usually put some sort of illustration on my postings. Illustrations are there to illuminate but Glady's qualities are illumination enough and now I am glad that you have met her.
Angela Savage's debut novel, Behind the Night Bazaar was nominated for a Ned Kelly Award. She is currently working on book number 2. You can visit Angela Savage at her website.
..but Levi's bio mom~Levi's bio mom is for sure no mistaken his mom~he looks just like her. It's left me feeling odd to see her, to see that he looks so much like her. She looks so sad :( & that makes me feel sad for her. Levi was her 4th pregnancy. First 2 were miscarriages, 3rd died at 8 months of heart failure & then she was blessed with Levi, but after one month home with him decided to take him to the orphanage. On his RR profile it listed that his family had a hard time leaving him there and visited with him often until his first b-day. After that it was only his maternal grandmother who came anymore. When we commitment to him he was 3 & he was moved to his foster home. We were told that his grandma started to come visit him there too. She would bring food to the family. Later we were told that his bio parents came to see him on his 4th birthday, but his mom refused to hold him or touch him, but introduced him to his little sister :( His father held him briefly and with silent tears handed him back to his foster mom. That was the last time anyone in his family came to see him that we know of. In late '09 we submitted our dossier for him for the second time (the first was in '08 before the invasion of his country that halted our adoption) when we did, we found out that in his file there was missing paperwork that was needed showing his bio mom had relinquished her rights to him. She was found & asked to sign the papers so we could move forward, but she refused. The adoption was stopped. :( Sept. of '10 we got a call letting us know that he was again available with all needed paperwork in place. We don't know the circumstances of it all..if she signed of her own free will or because his county relinquished her rights due to her not taking him home herself...but we do know they were signed. So here we are again. I'm thankful to be here, but it's heartbreaking too. My heart hurts for this women who has these big beautiful brown eyes, like Levi's, and they just look so sad. In the past we asked if we could offer to let this be an open adoption. We were told we could. If it's something she wants, then I'm looking forward to getting in touch with her once he's home. I think she'd like to know about him..I would.
Though the wind hath fallen they drift along;
Were a tadpole and I was a fish.
And every day brings the distinctive clomp-clomp-clomp of skiiers trudging the hallways in their ski boots.
The Boy had not heard this song before, and we slow-danced in our pj's to it. I nuzzled his neck. Margo Timmins has such a sexy voice.
1. The Lord of the Rings - J.R.R. Tolkien
At the beginning of living away you spend a lot of time comparing your new home with your old home. Moving to a first world country as I did, you marvel at how life is more comfortable, services more efficient, the future more predictable. You feel more acutely all the many inferiorities of your old life.
She Do the Taboo by Jason Eklund
The term speedy disposal – an avowed purpose for creation of the Board – acquired a distinctive meaning as the number of disposed cases catapulted from 166 for the year 2010 to 274 during the year 2011. The achievement will be better appreciated keeping in mind that the Trademark and Patent Benches could not be constituted for four months and five months respectively due to absence of incumbents. Hence, the disposal figure of 274 is the output of just about 7 to 8 months. Further, it is pertinent to mention here that the speedy disposal has been achieved despite the problems ranging from poor inadequate infrastructure to paucity of manpower.
And all the pain I put you through
3) Idealistic one-shots, who rise to power during flashes of mass community unrest, then often disappear shortly afterwards
A few weeks later he took a seizure and collapsed.
I started out planning on making a rainbow shape with the balloons, but that was easier said than done. If my original wood piece was bigger, this probably would have been easier. Oh well, you get the idea.
for Magic of the Mundane. I so love this idea because it totally falls in line with my desire to get back to simple. It can be a picture, a poem or song, a short video or anything else that celebrates the Magic. So often, we get caught up in "where we're going" that we forget to look at the beauty of "where we are."
1: Finding a Christmas Tree
"Vienna, 1939. Professor Speckstein's dog has been brutally killed, the latest victim in a string of unsolved murders. Speckstein wants answers-but these are uncharitable times, and one must be careful where one probes. When an unexpected house call leads Dr. Beer to Speckstein's apartment, he finds himself in the bedroom of Zuzka, the professor's niece. Wide-eyed, flirtatious, and not detectably ill, Zuzka leads the young doctor to her window and opens up a view of their apartment block that Beer has never known. Across the shared courtyard, there is nine-year-old Anneliese, the lonely daughter of an alcoholic. Five windows to the left lives a secretive mime who comes home late at night and keeps something-or someone-precious hidden from view. From the garret drifts the mournful sound of a trumpet player, and a basement door swings closed behind the building's inscrutable janitor..."
The pleasure is when you cut through air at 50 kmp or 100.
Maria Eugenia Ibarrarán and Roy Boyd
The crib bedding in chocolate, butter yellow and robin's egg blue sets the color scheme in this modern, gender neutral nursery. The wall is painted a tranquil shade of blue. A hand-painted wall mural like this one with a monkey in a tree is a darling way to incorporate nature into your design. Your little one will love it too!
Its only been in the last month or two that Ive taken a liking to whole bird carcasses. I’d always been a “two skinless chicken breast please” at the supermarket, kinda gal. However I wanted to eat more organic and free range meats, but the obligatory two breasts in the “free range” packaging at Coles didnt make much sense to me with its stepped up price tag. It looked the same!
Finally add the cumin powder and switch off the pan and cover it with lid. Serve hot with rice or roti.
The total kilometer count will be around 7000 km, and i am sure we’ll all have an amazing adventure, together with the readers of this blog.
(President Obama campaigned in part on changing this. It hasn't changed yet.)
As a matter of fairness, the specific details of this account have been challenged, but, “In the final analysis, Erasmus probably altered the text because of politico-theologico-economic concerns: He did not want his reputation ruined, nor his Novum Instrumentum to go unsold.”[11] According to A. T. Robertson, the Johannine Comma got, “…into the Textus Receptus by the stupidity of Erasmus.”[12] Since the KJV translators based their work upon Greek texts that were founded upon Erasmus’ text, the rest of the story is history.
MT: If you could choose any Festival to perform at, where would it be and why?
Vampires
My top three for this month are:
I have been watching so many nice tags on other blogs lately,
I’m not getting any sort of goodbye…thing. This is actually a bit irritating to me.
(Italian) See you soon,
I came into preparations for The Papercut Haggadah with a passing familiarity with Passover and the elements of the Seder, but no idea of the richness of the tradition of the Haggadah or its development both as a body of texts and rituals, and as a written or printed artifact.
I guess the ever generous Father in Heaven decided to give me the bags afterall since I was being a good girl and restraining from buying them on the first and second time. Haha!
Gregory: you lived in France!
Alas, I remain none the wiser about the enigmatic Kaiser but I do know that Karl’s three new 'Love it Light' Diet Coke bottles (featuring polka dots and chevron stripes against his ponytailed silhouette) will be available in prism-shaped collector’s boxes this June. In words of the man himself, “Luxury is the income tax of vanity. But it is so pleasant.” Karl Lagerfeld. He’s got some bottle.
The monks are preachers of fascism.
While most places will just offer a handful of drinks and bar bites for Happy Hour, Katsuya has a pretty decent selection of fan favs from their regular menu as well as their signature cocktails and other drinks - here's the full HH menu:
Kurt Loder talks about Nirvana drummer Dave Grohl's "new" band The Foo Fighters and how, in the next few days, they'll be launching a debut tour in Tempe, AZ and opening up for Mike Watt. Loder also adds how Nirvana bassist Christ Novoselic still plays music but has yet to join a new band. It closes out with live footage of Nirvana playing "Lithium".
The Easter banner is from A Child's Year, as well, and filled with solid dark brown and the pink pattern from Lori's Garden (Pg. 42). The pink monogrammed eggs were added to the chocolate eggs and then strung together with pink and white twine from Stampin' Up. Each end is tied in a bow and topped with a pink ribbon daisy. I then added a spray of mixed and matched flowers found in the bridal department of my local craft store.
*She catches them and finds out they are with the FBI.
As we began our new life no one ever knew. I soon realized that you were there too.
This is the only company I have ever work for that has this kind of policy (the policy is backed by the department of labor).
54. Le Volume Courbe - Ain't Got I Got Life (2:45)
Zach's hard work and celebrating it with our fam
The road up to the pass gradually sunk into the surrounding rock. The road was carved or blasted out of this very strange looking porous black and red rock. The rock had scant vegetation growing on the sides I could see. The road went deeper into the rock where it rose up to five feet in height on either side of my car as I traveled down this new highway. My field of view was limited to what I could see upwards at an angle while sitting low in the car driving. To my left, as I drove up to the pass through the rock, I saw the butting head of a knobby mountain top. The mountain top was black and half of its face caved in or fell away at some time in its history. The side so caved in was sheer up and down for what looked like a thousand feet.
One of the Jena Six students has been released on bail prior to his trial as a juvenile. Plus One
Apparently, here is who is responsible, and the trick they used to quietly slip in these provisions:
Last week, I made a new discovery, and am keen to share this with you. It’s a shop called baa ram ewe, based in Headingley. Essentially they are a wool shop specialising in British wool. However, they are also so much more!
Hail to the Father of Harpokrates, Silent Child Lotus-Borne–Rejoice! You are praised!
For the record, we already had leftover cooked rice, so we simply reheated it, added some baby spinach and half the coconut milk with a little salt and pepper.
A handful of pain-Better than raw
Song title: Ex-Factor
More details to follow.
Anyways back to the Jade Forest….
I just ran across a blog with a very unique linky party idea. And while I love it when blogger take an idea and make it their own it is great to see an original idea. Or what is at least one I have not seen before.
Footwear is always the most perplexing. And given the cost and trouble of extra check-in luggage, I am determined to take only one suitcase for 2 weeks; so, lots of boots and shoes are not in the cards. This despite the Christmas stockings, and presents for Miss Bee and Harry when we all reunite in Provence. (I'm letting Harry transport the Nestle's chocolate chips and Skippy peanut butter for his sister. I'm bringing the stack of New Yorkers and her forgotten clothing items.)
“Meet TruthSeeker, infamous ARS troll who makes it a habit of targeting and harassing exes. A man of no value to anyone.”
Grilled Chicken with Lemon Caper Sauce with Ratatouille
But with each and every turn and every bend, my failure was a constant blight
I wish I had the graphic design talents. They're sorely needed.
Did you know that every Christian is in full-time ministry? Whether you realize it or not, if you are a Christian you a full-time minister in the Kingdom of God. You may not work for a church or have an official title of pastor, bishop, apostle, or evangelist, but you are indeed a minister of the Gospel. As an entrepreneur running your own business or an employee working for an organization, you have been given the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility of taking your personal ministry to the marketplace. The Apostle Paul who earned a living as a tent maker in addition to being a traveling evangelist, says it like this: “… And God has given us this task of reconciling people to Him. For God was in Christ, reconciling the world to Himself, no longer counting their sins against them. And He gave us this wonderful message of reconciliation” (2 Corinthians 5:18-19).
SEC WEST
9. I really would rather like a banjo, and I'm not quite sure why.
08-12 Ghent, Belgium - St. Peter's Square
Toss all spinach into saucepan with a little water, cover and steam for a few minutes until leaves are wilted and bright green. Once wilted, add crumbled feta and let cook slightly until cheese begins to soften.
3-4 cloves minced garlic
I apologised and said I was merely being nosey. He looked thoroughly miserable, so I asked him what the matter was.
She had been bitten..
DVD16 The Coil Reconstruction Set #2
voice like his, hear that accent. That music station I found that
I can never show
1 cup stock, yeah the stuff you have in your freezer, non?
The ones we’re most impressed with are Smart Stay and Direct call. Direct Call lets you dial a number by lifting the phone up to your ear while browsing contacts or reading/composing a message.
This order is expected to arrive in the early afternoon from Lancaster Farm Fresh Cooperative. Please note that an item may be out of stock at the time of delivery.
Transgenderism
Jake- We kinda think similar, we're so muh alike
As Tris and Four try to find allies and safe houses to stay in, they visit all of the different factions. It was really interesting to get an insight into how each of the factions functions, what their headquarters are like, how they live and respond to ‘a state of war’. What I love about the Divergent series is its twist on society and the way people identify themselves through their factions, each of which is very distinct. Each with their strengths, but each with very different goals and believes in morals. And what makes Tris so interesting is that she isn't just one faction; she is many.
and what is it i need to do? take control back of my life. it starts today. it starts here. it starts now.
On holiday Ms Howarth usually reverted to disposable nappies for convenience but says she tried to seek out the more environmentally-friendly ones with no gels or plastics whenever possible.
For now, the first single is interesting, the cover is very pretty, and the other hints about the album are intriguing. I look forward to hearing the rest of it. (Hint, hint.)
The List
Good-by now, rum friends, and best wishes. You got a good mag (like the pulp-heads say)… -Norman Mailer, letter of resignation (rescinded), 1960.
10And they that dwell upon the earth shall rejoice over them, and make merry, and shall send gifts one to another; because these two prophets tormented them that dwelt on the earth.
Spendthrift Like gainsay, a word always to be looked up, a word that might have liked to have meant its opposite; or hereafter, a word that might have liked to have it both ways. like my father who, come late spring, spends everything he can put his hand to and borrow against whatever he’s got left and spends that. He whistles while he works. One year he filled the backyard with Volkswagens and wouldn’t but one in seven run when he got them, had the six towed out to the house; another year it was lawnmowers; another, houd dogs. old metal flake fishing boats, three generations of motors. A little fixing and she’ll run just like a new one, or cut or hum good as she ever did. But she never does. Like the good eating that can come from an evening’s fishing for crappie, of treeing a mess of coon, for that matter, cooked up so to get the wild out. Only the good never comes because come late fall, he’s spent, the desire to see something fixed doesn’t fix. Somehow the pay-out he loves strings out into beyond flat busted. He’d just as soon let fish go rotten on the stringer, take his coons by the ringtails and fling them in that field out yonder as to clean them. Because even something in the bring-home misfires someday late fall, and he’s seeing in all he loved, what misfits he’s gathered, who lays up in the bed then for months at a time moaning his treasury. who will not even go out to the mailbox, who will not eat, give up the ghost of a word or a dollar for nothing or nobody, like he’s saving himself up for what swells in spring while his boats founder with rainwater,
All she would would have left of you after the most difficult 19 weeks of her young life.......
The quilting is a combination of ditch quilting and my wavy line quilting, all done with my walking foot. Wrestling the quilt through the machine was a challenge at times, but I chickened out on trying the block quilting with my free motion foot, so I was stuck twisting and turning the quilt quite a lot. Now I just need to find where I stashed the binding strips to keep them away from curious felines and I will be all set to get the binding sewn on.
Marley looked away, suddenly the pizza cloyed at his stomach and the lure of money dissipated in his conscience. Coming here had been a bad idea. A stupid idea. In one simple observation Piper had shown how ill fit Marley was for this business. How ill fit Marley was for Washington Heights. What was Piper playing at? Why bring him here to postulate his weaknesses?
So if it’s not for power and easy money, then what is it for?
Otherwise, not much really going on in baseball news. Red Sox appear set. Yankees are set. Now it is just going to see what happens with spring training about to start (9 days baby!).
The Coronation (Weidenfeld & Nicholson, 2009)
The show examines cases of extremism in Islam ranging from Theo Van Gogh’s Muhammed Cartoons to the burning of the Satanic Verses. Each of these are verbatim from interviews carried out in the past or ones the DV8 have conducted themselves.
1. Slice the bananas and arrange it in a bowl evenly.
Then yesterday I participated in a local 5K run. I had planned to do the “jog a little bit, then mostly walk, then repeat” that I had read about and that I thought my fellow Optifaster had done in Disneyland. But I actually jogged about 65-70% of the trail (amazingly for me) because I was doing OK and also due to peer pressure, since everyone else was jogging. And I had lots of people slimmer than me and younger than me behind me. So I was thinking, wow, I’m pretty good! Although of course it was only 3 miles and a half marathon is 15.
the UK in general
Often these programs are buried within other programs making them difficult to find.
4. Login using your Shutterfly email/password, as soon as you do you get 1 free photostrip credit
So, I decided that I would 'borrow' her post and dedicate it to all my bloggy friends out there. You know who you are. I could not convey enough how much your friendships meant to me. The comments that you have left on my recent posts, I've read over and over again. They have given me strength and the love that I was so thirsty of during some of my lowest points. Your tweets made me smile even at times when I felt that the last thing I wanted to do was smile. The outpouring of emails and direct messages I had received from some of you, offering me shoulders to cry on, listening ears, precious times out of your busy schedules to let me know that you cared. Even when I had been quite MIA lately, many of you continued to pay me a visit through my blog just to check on how I was doing.
Advertising is and has – for as long as anyone who reads this can remember – been part of the daily function of our lives. No big deal… it’s just a part of modern life.
I am currently reading Elizabeth Elliott's A Chance to Die The Life and Legacy of Amy Carmichael. I am finding it very interesting that her greatest missionary endeavor became her "work" as mother to hundreds of orphans. She started with girls, but wound up having boys in her compound at Dohnavur, in the Southeast part of India.
My awareness of the band started in the late seventies, on local FM radio but also on the TV show I used to love as a kid: “WKRP in Cincinnati:”
"If you need me, I'll be on the pudding cup."
Stacked the big old white porcelain cooking and serving pieces on an old wire rack right next to it - I use these all the time and they're not easy for me to store, so this works -
Intellectual cowardice is reinforced by a set of circumstances whereby even if alternative accounts questioning the official line are exhaustively researched and documented with credible information and sources, mobilization of the “conspiracy theory” label by state censors and their journalistic accomplices will render the counter-arguments suspect. And, in an on-the-go culture where citizens are heavily reliant for information on headlines and sound-bites versus deliberate analysis, such lines of reasoning are destined for the memory hole.” – Prof. James F. Tracy, “State Propaganda, Historical Revisionism, and Perpetuation of the 9/11 Myth.”
So after getting our manicures from two heavily coked-out beauticians (it was a weird and interesting night indeed), we headed to a couple of other bars, eventually landing at Raines Law Room.
The thing is, we’re only here to come to terms with something we don’t understand, until we come to terms with it. Our mediums of expression can be violent and duplicitous on the way. All of my fighting styles and defense mechanisms are female, if that rings a bell (just joking!!! …but true none the less). People really ought to study the animal kingdom to get a clue about how power works. For some reason, I’m thinking about the iron fist in the velvet glove; probably no connection there. I wish I could see better. It’s probably right in front of me. Like the guy in the first link, you just don’t get it at the time. It’s what you do about it, when you do get it, that defines you, so, understanding and compassion have a real power in the mix. Not only were you once where they are now but, there but for fortune goes you and I. I’ve mentioned it some several times, life is a spiral staircase, don’t piss over the railing. There is an Escher effect to all of this, for those of you who know a thing or two about Geometry and Trig…especially your ‘shoot around the corners’ theoretical sorts.
I love the colours on the photo and regretfully I didn't quite capture the richness. But I went for the dark reds, whites and blue colours as my inspiration. I added a little green to mine also. This is the first Christmas card of the year for me but I'm determined to get many done before December so expect to see more...
Ill Ryhmz and Tiwa Savage
The person who did the Thinking Man sculpure (I´m getting tired, and restless, so I´m not going to look up his name. hahaha :P ) did a ton of other paintings, and they are all downtown outside. I was told about this by one of my host mom´s friends, and then she and I went and saw them the next day. He made the hands and feet super large, so they are out of proportion, in order to be able to see them, and the gestures they make from far away (at least that is what I was told).
A small Islamophobic group, called Stop Islamisation Of Europe (SIOE), has called for 1,000 Jews to attend its forthcoming demonstration at Harrow mosque; and for each Jew to bring an Israeli flag.
That night I had three dreams.
Into an enduring reach for forever
dialogue - 'the concert' from Electra glide in blue
If I was a 4-13 year old girl I would want this on the wall of my room. Heck. If I were not getting married and to share my room with my husband I would want this. A part of me wants this for my room! (He gets a mancave and I have a room too I just have not thought of a proper name for it as Lady Lair sounds a bit dirty...) I LOVE the vintage feel of this and of course the classic silhouette with extra feminine flairs. Can you imagine this in a black and white striped room? I'd probably find an ornate frame and put this down on a nice piece of canvas or something and just leave it framed in the room. Put shelves with white candles around it... just for extra fabulous-ness. I want this...
One may have read the Spirit of Prophecy Bulletin for today. One may have been encouraged. Thank You Jesus!
Remove from the heat.
“Yet he did so nonetheless. And indeed he fell victim to exactly the measures he was highlighting,” Zimbabwean-born writer Mr Godwin added.
-Add the green chilies, beans, tomatoes, chili powder, cumin, hot sauce, and salsa. Season with salt and pepper. Stir to combine, and cook for another 7-8 minutes until everything is heated through and combined.
“Our optimistic case RNAV (revised net asset value) for Proton is at RM5.80 per share, which takes into account an optimistic valuation of loss-making subsidiary Group Lotus at RM1bil, based on an old speculated bid by a Chinese investor. This also factors in a high seven times PE (price-earnings ratio) for Proton’s domestic operations,” says UOB Kay Hian Research.
4 Eggs(Large)
Look into business cards
A man arrested for driving under the influence in West Virginia got himself into a lot more trouble later at the police station.
- Minimise your social life so you can go home and feed him/her at certain set hours?
For the week, I'm presenting my incredibly subjective list of the ten best movie scenes shot in New York City. This doesn't quite equate to the ten best movies about New York. These are just the ten images that I think in total represent the reasons that people continue to turn NYC into the world's largest back lot. I'll reel out the first nine today through Thursday; the topic of my number one pick will also be the topic of this week's podcast.
Here is my sample:
I don’t mean to say that I have already achieved these things or that I have already reached perfection. But I press on to possess that perfection for which Christ Jesus first possessed me. No, dear brothers and sisters, I have not achieved it,but I focus on this one thing: Forgetting the past and looking forward to what lies ahead, I press on to reach the end of the race and receive the heavenly prize for which God, through Christ Jesus, is calling us.
EK Success/ Stamping Up Scallop Trim Corner and Border Punches
I didn’t call anyone’s religion bullshit. I did say that there is bullshit—”untrue words or ideas”—in the Bible. That is being spun as an attack on Christianity. Which is bullshhh… which is untrue.
Tanstaafl, Criticism I can take; a proposal to relocate me at gunpoint to Israel goes well beyond criticism.
We also needed one empty child's milk carton per child, so I just asked the cafeteria ladies to save me some. That was fairly easy! I had a volunteer wash them and leave them to dry overnight. Then my aide and a volunteer helped to cut the tops off of the cartons. We then measured and cut the paper to fit the cartons and just taped it on. I really didn't think that glue was going to stick to the wax covered carton, so we just decided to go with tape. Once each child's carton was covered with construction paper, then the bodies of the cars were ready to paint. I bought some bamboo skewers and cut them in half, and also cut the pointed end off of them for safety's sake. This formed the axle of the wheel.
Korean culture is more difficult for her. Since she is half Korean she understand the culture and have close relations to it, but she is a lot more liberal than the conservative Korean way of life.
britt.vuorio@kassanetti.fi
It's all about the hockey and that's partly because hockey is about stories. I remember one particular game, a very special one where my team, the Boston Bruins lost. Doesn't sound like a good story for me right? But then the next day I discovered that the opponents had dedicated that game to their assistant coach Luke Richardson and his family, who had lost his 14 year old daughter Daron to suicide earlier that day. It is this kind of story that makes the winning less important than the heart of the players and the team and this is one of several reasons that this particular team is my second favourite hockey team these days. It is also another reason I love the sport so much.
Rainbow Dress - this was a custom knit and the customer chose Cyclamen and Faberge colourways. Faberge (the variegated colour) is my new favourite from The Wool Company.
We stayed as always at the Shilo Inn on the Prom. Here is a picture of it from out in the water. It is the five story one at the left.
AUSTIN - Jester King Craft Brewery has opened in Austin and is brewing their first commercial batch, according to a recent press release.
Dear Supporters of United Classrooms,
At the time, Foster was somewhat less generous in describing the man. In a letter to his wife, Virginia Lou Foster, written soon after the mission, Foster told her that the Nazi leader was “effeminate” and “gave me the creeps.”
Where is the knowledge we have lost by not having knowledge cafes. I made that one up. To put it simply David Gurteen has struck upon the most fundamental of concepts, the benefits of putting people together randomly to elicit conversation. The number of participants, quantity of business cards exchanged and overall level of smiliness were indicators of another hugely successful event. I had a great time, meeting new people, learning new things and making sense of my own thoughts, Thanks again David.
You can also freeze the dish once completely cooled. Just leave it out at room temperature to thaw and maybe sauté it in a little oil before serving.
Surprise!: DE, Nick Perry
LASIK is eye-corrective surgery that uses lasers to correct your cornea so that you won’t need to wear glasses or contact lenses. I had budgeted $4,000 for the surgery, although I had issues.
And what a celebration it is ...it's their 200th sketch challenge..whowzers...head over to the blog and check it out...they have graciously given a file with every sketch in it to anyone who wants it absolutely free!...
A few things I'm thankful for this year:
"IT'S FIVE AM! Can't we wait until we have had some coffee?".
But what happens when the chain restaurants get a little fancier? The next step up the ladder gives you Applebee’s then Olive Garden maybe a California Pizza Kitchen. Here in New York and other large cities, high-class chain restaurants can easily set a guest back $60 per person. Haru, a restaurant group with “nine high class locations” is mostly found on the east coast but a competing sushi restaurant chain (and former employer), SushiSamba can be found from Los Angeles to Vegas to New York to Tel Aviv. Talk about always feeling at home. But why not just go to a place that actually shows the local flavor?
I still maintain that her argument as quoted in the chat above boils down to an assertion that anything that you have spent money on, you value more than all the things you haven't spent money on. And it was the argument that was used, again and again, to raise money for RAINN. I think raising money for rape crisis centers is great. But that doesn't mean I think every single thing that's said in support of the fundraising is correct. I still believe that what she said about the fact that Assange is fighting extradition suggests his guilt (as I quoted from here) is wrong and dangerous. I still believe that in the course of promoting #mooreandme, Sady made some disingenuous and problematic arguments, more than just these two.
like a grandfather clock, chopping up the silence,
there is no kindness compares to silence.
As I walked out of the cinema I felt alive and let out a laugh. 13 Assassins is truly a brilliant film and I’m watching it for a second time today!
Occupy began on September 17 last year when protesters occupied Zuccotti park in Manhattan but were cleared out two months later.
My limerick muse has returned and is doing its best to get me into trouble with the moving and the shaken of Australia’s powerful.
The Lakeside daisies are particularly special. They only bloom in a limited number of locations on or near the Marblehead Peninsula in northwest Ohio. In addition, their buttery blooms only last a week before they begin to fade. If you want to see them in person, you had better make tracks to the Lakeside Daisy Nature Preserve near Marblehead. My wife and I were there Sunday, and the preserve was a splash of yellow against the dull limestone gray ground.
We had a lot of fun in school today. The Teaching Your Children Joy activity today introduced Beck to charting. I was a little nervous that he wouldn't understand the concept, but he caught on quick and even put his own spin on it.
We can give Neil the chance to live his life in a meaningful way. We can give Neil the same benefits other cerebral palsy patients have enjoyed from this stem cell treatment.
Roman Jugg gives us an acoustic version of The Damned's obscure single-only release 'Lovely Money' - refitting it as a stripped down Ray Davies unplugged piece- (or is that unjugged). With the Viv Stanshall spoken word section being taken up by Piley and the other one.
I don't know what this is going to look like, and it honestly terrifies me to navigate through it, but I'm going to at least start thinking about you. And after thinking about you, I want to convince you that I like you. And eventually love you. I plan to convince you that you're not an interruption in my own story.
@mcsweeney
With all the isolation, stress and headaches, why is there no shortage of individuals with executive management career ambitions? The answer is not pay. Even smaller organizations with less than premium executive pay find many individuals eager for a slot on a senior management team.
The point is to settle more fully into physical experience and live fully and sensually in the moment. On Thursday, the Sun enters the enjoy-the-earth-mode of Taurus and resuscitates the foundational shoring up of the earth grand trine that took place in mid-March. The Taurus New Moon follows on Saturday, in a tight, easy flow to Mars, a tight cooperative link to Neptune and an easy flow to Pluto that will intensify as the Sun and the Moon move apart. (Read more in my mooncast, which will be posted by Friday.)
I don't know about some of you, but I'm getting a bit restless/bored with the layout of my room. It may be time for a little refresher. I have been SO good about not going into school on the weekends this year, but I think it might be time (I used to have a small problemo with compulsively going into my classroom every Sunday morning/afternoon).
come around
From this verse, we also learn that if you don’t know the Lord Jesus Christ, you do not know God, the Father. All too many are trying to be Christians and through religious efforts deny the person, and deity of the Lord Jesus Christ. This was the Jews downfall, and for that reason they crucified Him. This continues to be their downfall to this day
From Lee: There are a many excellent choices in this category, but the one the burst into my mind first was Julia Cameron’s The Artist’s Way. Although not exclusively for writers, The Artist’s Way, is a method for reconnecting with the creative streak inside all of us. Sometimes in the course of day-to-day life, drafts, deadlines and rewrites, we can lose touch with our muse, we can forget why we do what we do. The Artist’s Way is a series of readings and creative activities designed to put you back in touch with the creative well that resides in all of us.
Somewhere in the corner of my heart I was so sure
I suspect that too often we are waiting for the next big thing when we would really benefit from looking for the next little thing. It is the little things that can make the biggest difference in our lives.
You’ll notice that I didn’t use any names in this review. That’s because, first of all, the war setting makes it unclear whether or not the characters are using their real names, and secondly, part of the enjoyment of this book is figuring out when characters are telling the truth and when they are not. Don’t let that—or my woefully inadequate review—deter you. Read CODE NAME VERITY; I am 99% sure you won’t regret it. Recommended for readers who enjoy historical fiction set in World War II and character-driven novels.
The ramifications of Mrs Justice Proudman’s decision in Meltwater continue to niggle away in my mind and I noticed that the London Metro’s headline yesterday (pub: Associated Newspapers) was “Anarchy in the UK”, the title of the infamous sound recording and song, written by Messrs Paul Cook, Steve Jones, John Lydon and Glen Matlock in 1976. The recorded song formed the A side of the Sex Pistol’s debut vinyl release in the UK. Now IF copyright can subsist in a headline and a headline can be an independent literary work ....... and Meltwater tells us it can, then what if that headline itself is copied – here from a song title? Surely the logical conclusion is that the owners of the ‘title’ of song should have the right to protect their work in turn, independently of the lyrics of that the song ...... if it is worth copying, isn’t it worth protecting?
Oh and I forgot we were introduced to a wonderful new character Ren of the Chosen! Definitely a new guy I could sink my teeth into, yummy!
“One, two, three…” he murmured stepping onto the ledge. The bitter breeze of the deepening night blew his short dark hair in puffs around his head. His girlfriend would have admired that. That single image of him on the ledge, with that bitterly black gun dangling from his hand. She would have liked his legs parted, standing strong, his back ramrod straight. She would have draped herself off him and dared him to drop her. And he would stare back with those iridescently cold blue eyes of his and she would pull back. She wouldn’t show it, but she would be afraid, afraid of him and those cold emotionless eyes… but she would also hunger for him; for the white shirt that billowed about him leaving his chest bare to weather the cold. For the way his dark denim sat neatly on his hips. She would hunger for him. If only it was him she hungered for.
Now a wreath hanging on a front door might not be a big deal to some people, but this is our first one so I am really excited! I never thought to hang one there before because of the storm door.
Yes, far in the distance you may be able to make out a small white speck. My friends I tell you the truth. That speck is a man riding ... yes, I said riding... his ice chest.
Please don't wait until you next picnic to try this out, it is the perfect meal on a warm afternoon or evening with a nicely chilled bottle of riesling or rose'.
Here's the recipe, slightly modified as described. The article was written by Andrew Knowlton and he said "it was often the first dessert French children learn to prepare". It sounds delicious so thanks for sharing that recipe Bon Appetit!
P&G = Procter and Gamble insert
“I’m so blue.”
“I believe Scenario #5 best addresses the criteria detailed in the School Boundary Review Procedure and as prioritized by the Boundary Review Committee,” says David Euale, Director of Education for the Halton District School Board. “Fundamentally Scenario #5 sees the new school as a community school striving to serve the needs of the students in the area in which the school is built.”
of that Bruch Konzertstück.
2) I’m a physical therapist who works with special needs children
They are finished so wonderfully, I can just see them stuffed with all that gorgeous wool I picked up!
Of course, since you are seeing a purple card on my blog, you must have figured out that there is a purple challenge that I'm playing in. Thank goodness the Predominantly Purple challenge is over at Less Is More. CAS meant I wouldn't waste too much time searching for purple supplies that I just don't have. The less time I spend working with purple the more happy I am. Maybe if I had some of that yummy SU Razzleberry paper I might have been more inspired! lol
Lisa Kudrow also made a random appearance, as well as the bad-guy fiance in George of the Jungle….it was weird to say the least.
Sea Hags - Self titled (collectors re-issue)
:: Indiana :: My dear friend, Hannah and Ki young, from high school recently moved from California to Indianapolis area. Oli and I went to visit them for a week where we went camping and fishing. It was definately nice to enjoy the slower pace of life.
Source – In A Waking State, Edgar Cayce Lectures
Montezuma is best described, as I saw it, as having a hippie vibe. Colorful, carefree, and very young. Everyone was tattooed with Hindu symbols, wore board shorts, shirtless (the men, anyway), and topped with dreadlocks. I actually saw shops where you could get dreadlocks yourself. Apparently braided and beaded spring break hairstyles are out.
The ladies are going to arrive soon for class. Sarah is home and should be here-it will depend on how tired she is. Survivor and Idol tonight. With all the TV watching in my near future I could have Tea Leaves finished by the time I come back to work on Tuesday.
I was kind of surprised to find that this record hadn't been blogged before (at least that I could find). It's bad enough that it hasn't been reissued on CD. So even though I have some of my own records to get ready for posting I thought I'd take a few minutes to put this one up for you. As suggested, it's not my recording, but was done by FolkPhile (from vinyl) some time ago. FolkPhile is a great collector and poster who has been around in file sharing circles for a long time, posting in newsgroups and sharing in other places as well. So thanks to her (?) for this one.
implodes. And there is waiting
Canada (Alberta) - 11:30 a.m. 17th Mar- 11:30 a.m. 18th Mar
How about clothes… yes, I am guilty there too. If I liked a particular type of pant I would get a pair in every color. T-shirts? same… and I think I own the entire line of Smartwool base layers, in every color, weight and style. I also owned the entire line of Hannah Andersson women’s collection. Notice the key word here – “OWNED”, past tense…
Tesco have put a 4 box limit on the lout offerings, which to be honest I’m not too sure about. On the positive side I understand that Supermarkets want the offer to be there for retail customers and want the stock to be there when punters punt up. If they advertise an offer and the stock is gone because money grasping pub landlords cheating on their tied contracts have filled the van up, they are not meeting their customers need. However cooking lager enthusiasts do use these offers to fill the garage up with cheap stock to enjoy over a prolonged period where cheap offers may not be forthcoming.
But for some very WICKED reason, I kept thinking of "broccoli" while I was watching.
I have to mention, I like the wording of 'delaying' sexual activity as opposed to abstinence. As well, I think grade seven/eight is a good time to start bringing up gender identity. The source quoted in the Star seemed to give the impression that 6 and 7 year olds would be made to question their identity. Meanwhile, grade 7 and 8 I have found is the age where kids start using words like 'queer' and 'fag' and 'slut' and 'bitch' to hurt each other... thus the perfect age to start looking at the connotations behind such terms.
This would never work on gorillas, but I believe it’s highly effective on juvenile humans, the technique having been perfected in countless school playgrounds. One to be applied with caution and commonsense, I feel.
Happy Friday Friends! May you all have a blessed weekend!
I summoned up my own ruthless gene. I would hack back, cut down, pull up, cull and otherwise beat it into submission.....but when I looked out of the window Mr and Mrs Bullfinch (rare visitors in these parts) and their 4 newly fledged chicks were feasting on the seeds, hunkered down amongst those same straggly stems having the best picnic of their lives.
Spencer
I've always thought the ubiquitous Graham Crackers were ridiculously hard to make, so I was super excited to finally crack it. In addition, I had never even heard of Nanaimo bars, which is a shame because I live so close to B.C. just hours away.
Tanner hunched over the wheel of the speeding HMMWV and flexed his shoulders as he fishtailed slightly around a tight corner in the gravel road. He had been driving hard, pushing the limits of the vehicle as well as his driving skills, for nearly two hours. The HMMWV regained traction and straightened out as Tanner tilted his head to the left and cracked his neck.
So I picked up my Outfoxed on the High Seas quilt top and did some sketches to work out how to quilt it. And just like that my sewing mojo was back! I've been quilting it tonight and I think it's going to work pretty well:
about how well we’ve spread the message of our faith.
My younger brother, Brandon, had been visiting for a week and it was time to bring him to the airport for his flight home. But not wanting him to fly to L.A. on an empty stomach, I took him to one of my favorite ethnic hamburger places, Hamburgão in Newark.
So what do you think of this show?
7. I want to move. When I divorced, I move out of the home that we built and into a small apartment. I want to buy, and am looking at places on the internet all the time, so that is why I am not blogging as much as I would like to. I just don’t know if I want to go the townhome route or a home route. I guess I will know when I see it.
I left the best part for last, because it’s something I noticed right away and here is why. With every new vaccine, drug or medical treatment; there is always a cost analysis to determine if it is viable to put to market. If a procedure costs more than it would profit, it is usually shelved. Vaccines are always checked to make sure that it is profitable and marketable. I saw this very early on when I started learning to read studies, so I noticed right away that there was some noting at the bottom of the bill, stating that any costs could be deferred and it got me thinking about how this bill could possibly be profitable. It didn’t take long of course, to see where the money was going to go and yes this bill will be making people money. Think about it.
But that shit ain’t the truth. The truth is you’re the weak. And I’m the tyranny of evil men. But I’m tryin’. I’m tryin’ real hard to be a shepherd.
Promoting one book while writing another sounds like one of the silly games on British radio's "I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue." And I certainly don't recommend it, but Stravaganza: City of Swords got handed in on time at the end of July and will be out next year.
UPDATE (2): 13th October, 2011. The Irish Times reports that Paddy is considering suing NAMA in the Irish courts. “Mr McKillen is examining the possibility of taking an action against NAMA in the Irish courts as he believes the agency did not follow fair procedures selling the group’s debt to the two brothers.” There also seems to be a claim that Paddy was given just 57 minutes notice of the sale, though it is not at all clear if he was entitled to any notice whatsoever.
From the darkest shadows of Gotham Stables, it's Silverbat and his trusty sidekick My Little Pony! Join them on their many confusing, girly adventures as they confound criminals and Butch Cavendish alike. Look in the sky: The Bat/Horse signal pierces the night! The Kaped Crusader and Palomino Wonder are off to the rescue!
The shape and size were inspired by the shawls in a Kaffe Fassett knitting book from the 1980s. I chose two colourways of the Kauni yarn and then used a Fair Isle technique to create the patterns, which I made up as I went along and then repeated a few times.
ca 500g chicken breast
1 distribute
Must be there. Must be. There. There. Must be ? (?) ?
All of it.....all the five hectares registered and the three not and the house. He's even leaving the cane crushing machine.
But then life got in the way and things changed and didn't go the way I had planned....God made different plans for me.
The bedroom they shared is advertised to let,
Velvet cockade brooch: Morrigan NYC
The shimmers are a bit more obvious under flash light, but they’re not chunky or overloaded. The result on your cheeks is invariably a lovely glow instead of disco ball. I’m glad Tarte expanded the Amazonian Clay blush range with these shimmer shades as they do provide more variety to blush lovers. Each shade is gorgeous in it’s own right, and as usual I had no problems with the texture or formula.
I was a shy child. I loved primary school but found secondary school really painful. I mostly got the bus to the school gates, turned around and went back home again. My mum was cool with this, though it meant I have some big gaps in my understanding of maths and I have pretty terrible memory for general knowledge. My most favourite subject has always been anything to do with people, I’ve always wanted to know what makes us tick.
So when it came to celebrating with my valentine ... it was a normal Tuesday. We did a normal workout (P90X2 is getting intense, y'all) and I made a normal dinner - this soup. I decided to make our meal somewhat special and throw what little festive energy I had into making some quick bread (Parathas). That's right - we celebrated Valentine's Day with gluten. We watched 30 Rock and I fought with Dinahsaur for space next to Jeremy on the couch. I decided to get in the Love Day mood with strawberries (the most romantic fruit ever, right?) and coconut cream with cinnamon - and a couple glasses of Shiraz. And just when I thought this Tuesday might cross over into Valentine's Day territory (frisky hands aren't just for TSA costumes on Halloween) I became sleepy. And bloated. I knew I shouldn't have had that gluten. And that's where the story of our normal Tuesday that happened to be on Valentine's Day concludes. I crawl in bed and fall fast asleep. End scene.
1957 and Jerry Koosman in 1970. All three pitched exactly 212 innings and gave up exactly 74 earned runs. Even more striking, Parcell and Koosman both allowed 13 unearned runs. They did it very differently -- Parcell only struck out 74 batters all year, but he also only allowed seven home runs. Koosman struck out 118 (exact same as Foytack) but gave up 22 home runs.
of layouts of one DD and not many of the other DD. This is not because I like one
After being taught how to teach English, I was escorted by a Maximo Nivel rep named Mario to my placement, which is about a 1 hour bus ride away in a very poor town called Carpio. To get there I have to take two buses plus walk 12 blocks up a pedestrian only trail (talk about *walking a thousand miles just to be with you* sort of situation).
Wednesday, April 4
Options: The sequence is certainly quick, but you will see people acting (perhaps reacting), but then they stop for a few seconds, reassess the situation, and then take action again — and again.
Anyway, here is a look into a few things I’ve worn, collected, and viewed as far as the Latin inspiration goes.
Quantity – 12
I particularly want to mention here again the two illuminating remarks Dr. Bob made about clergy and churches. His son quoted Dr. Bob’s statements to me personally. Bob’s son said: (1) Dr. Bob’s real beef was with “sky pilots”—a not uncommon, bit of sarcastic nomenclature pointed at some preachers of that day. (2) Dr. Bob was far more interested in the “message” than the “messenger”—an interesting pointer toward Dr. Bob’s avowed preference for Bible study, prayer, seeking God’s guidance, reading Christian literature, and using devotionals. And I believe these remarks help explain his supposed aversion to church and underscore his fervent involvement in Bible study, prayer, guidance, Christian literature, and using devotionals like The Upper Room, Daily Strength for Daily Needs, and My Utmost for His Highest. It may also explain his infrequent mention of his personal church life—despite the fact that he and Anne were charter members of the Presbyterian Church during A.A.’s founding years in Akron and until well after the Big Book was published.in 1939. Morevoer, both his kids told me personally and reported in their Children of the Healer that their dad took his kids to Sunday school regularly. Of course, Dr. Bob specifically recommended that early AAs attend a church of their own choice—something that simply was no part of Bill Wilson’s life..
He's supposed to be graduating in less than a month. He has used up all of his "Get out of jail free" cards with that school...cashed in every favor and then some. As of last week, he was to miss not a single day of school...if that happened, they wouldn't allow him to graduate. I've been the weepy mom on the phone to counselors and principals, been the angry Mama Bear fighting for my poor sad kid. I've called the local agency that is supposed to be an advocate for kids who are outside the circle of "average" and "normal" (they didn't ever get back to me). And today I'm feeling like there is no more I can do.
The Mayo case already has been to the Supreme Court once, but was remanded without a decision on the merits. The Federal Circuit originally reversed the district court’s grant of summary judgment in favor of Mayo, holding that the claims satisfied the then-dispositive “machine or transformation test.” Prometheus Labs., Inv. v. Mayo Collaborative Services, 581 F.3d 1336 (Fed. Cir. 2009). That decision was on appeal to the Supreme Court when the Court decided Bilski v. Kappos, 561 U.S. ___, 130 S.Ct. 3218 (2010), broadening the eligibility of method inventions. As a result, the Supreme Court remanded the Mayo case for reconsideration. The Federal Circuit decided once again that the claims were patent-eligible. Prometheus Labs., Inv. v. Mayo Collaborative Services, 628 F.3d 1347 (Fed. Cir. 2010). The CAFC reasoned that Prometheus’ steps of “administering” and “determining” were transformative, because the thiopurine drug chemically reacted in the bloodstream to form the detectible metabolites. Thus, the claims did not cover the a naturally-occurring correlation per se, but a specific application of that phenomenon that resulted in drug dosage optimization.
Sticking with the iconography, I went with the Creative Commons logo (and for BoingBoing readers, it's bleached, not shaved). I'm not getting paid for it, I'm just a big fan of their work moving beyond the restrictive, anachronistic, and self-defeating standard way of handling copyright. When people ask me about this thing on the back of my head, I'll be handing them a slip of paper that says:
This is an excellent article by MP Tony Pua
Heat the oil in the pan, saute onion until it turns soft. Add in garlic, cook until fragrant.
so that her heat
Tonight I ran 3 miles, and I just have one more run scheduled for tomorrow, a short 2 miles. I’ve been paying close attention to my left knee and hip, and I really think I’m feeling strong this week. I still think the stability shoes (Brooks Adrenaline 12) were the source of my IT band pain. I haven’t fully recovered, but the pink Brooks Ghosts have been extremely comfortable for me. Just throwing that out there, since I know people are hitting my blog with searches about IT band pain and specific shoes.
When it is within our imagination to conceive the impossible, everything becomes possible.
- Bake at 180 degree celsius for 20 min or till cook (use a toothpick to insert into the muffin and if it comes out clean then it’s already cook)
My smoothie date got Soy Mi Gusta, a mix of soy milk, raspberries (or any berry of your choice), honey, and bananas. I’d say I liked mine better- definitely sweeter. But his was good too.
Tip the flapjack mixture into your greased baking tin, spread out into one even layer and firmly press down to give flapjacks tightly packed with oats, coconut, spice and general deliciousness. Bake in the centre of the preheated oven until lightly golden and slightly soft in the middle. The time this takes depends on how thick your flapjacks are spread out but they can take anything from 15 to 30 minutes.
Tomorrow, I'm off again, on another roadtrip, to take MC to her dad's house, and her boyfriend to his home. It will be a brief trip because, quite frankly, I'm exhausted. I may not be as young as I used to be.
Please allow me to pay a tribute to your great contribution to strengthen nuclear safety and security. The current Nuclear Summit in Seoul is no doubt greatly benefiting from the high-level meeting you convened last September.
It is ironical isn’t it that at one end we have technology moving at a great speed making things get done in a jiffy while at the other end, the human mind seems to be stagnating rapidly. But is there really an alternative when we find more writers coming up today writing blogs and articles on various websites, expressing and sharing their thoughts and feelings (all using the computer)?
I've also been dying to replace our dining room light fixture since we moved in but have been holding out for the right fixture at the right price. And as you'll see below, I finally found that chandelier for a whooping ten dollars! I'm such a big spender.
In author Kelly Irvin’s first installment in the Bliss Creek Amish series, readers will find a charming, romantic story of how God works even in the darkest moments.
With hints of vanilla, melted chocolate chips, and a slight crunch, they make a great tea-time snack or desert.
You'd swap your broad mind for a narrow waist - Warwick.
I hope you are all having a lovely holiday weekend and over-indulging in chocolate goodies. So far my weekend has been eventful but not as anticipated - more later.
Some activities throughout the day:
In all its punny, absurd, horrible goodness.
So, because I'm totally certifiable at this point, I've come up with a plan to see if I can't subvert some of those woes and it's called The Finny Farm and it's a new tab that I've added to this blog so that I can in a nice way stalk and keep tabs on my green friends as they go off and make their ways in the world and then *maybe* have a chance at some of those seeds for next year's Wild Indoor Grow Op That Looks Like I'm Growing Weed In My Kitchen Extravaganza.
Book Watch
ACTRESS - R.I.P
When you are fucked up, had too much to take in
Or better put, writing a blog, is that it’s yours and as you grow, it grows with you.
Think about the people you know that seem to know everyone in your community or your industry. The people that draw you in and have that way of making you take note of the things they are saying. The folks who get things done no matter how impossible the task may seem.
When she was one day old we took her to a great doc in a city nearyby to be checked over for any shoulder/clavicle issues she may have had left over from her, shall we say, tight fit. Since then we haven't even considered taking her. People may wonder why.
Went to this touristy thing with cable cars and such..where the Three Sisters are. I'm really not a person to go off and take pictures of rocks and trees so it bored me alot..but those sons of the family friends wanted to D:
Chaturvedi and colleagues looked for HPVs in cancers of the base of tongue, tonsil and oropharynx collected by cancer registries in Hawaii, Iowa and Los Angeles from 1984 to 2004. They found that HPVs were present in only 16% of tumors during the 1980s, but by 2004 over 70% of these tumors were HPV positive.
This book asks the question: What if the defendants in a certain jurisdiction banded together and decided not to plea bargain, insisting on a full jury trial for every case? It would overwhelm the system. There wouldn’t be enough prosecutors or public defenders or available court dates. Even the defendants who lost would be able to claim ineffective assistance of counsel or the lack of a speedy trial on appeal. The system would be thrown into chaos.
Fry chicken in the hot oil for about 5 minutes per side, or until the chicken is cooked through and juices run clear. Remove from the oil with a slotted spatula, and serve.
“$3 off coupons? What are you talking about lady?!”
Go visit her site for the recipe. I had all of the ingredients prepared pie crusts, 4 Tomatoes, salt and pepper, scallions and basil, freshly grated cheese and mayonnaise(we use Vegenaise). We have 1/2 of a pie left for another evening. Besides the pie we had a big salad, and a bowl of cherries.
‘Till the Robo-Kitty
NOTE: THEY HAVE UPDATED POCKET GOD FOR ANDROID…BUT IT IS STILL BEHIND APPLE’S UPDATES
When the story first begins, Meghan seems like a naive young girl. She's turning sixteen and she feels like her family had forgotten about her, bringing you back to the familiar story of Molly Ringwald's character in Sixteen Candles. There were points where I got annoyed with this character easily. She's clumsy and a little ignorant; even I knew exactly what was happening around her when it came to both faeries and the real world.
He watches as you tuck your kids in bed, fight with your wife, stay at work late, gossip with neighbors...
Membership in the Knights of Malta entails obedience to one's superior in THE ORDER and ultimately to the Pope. Therefore, a U.S. ambassador who is also a member of the Knights of Malta faces a conflict of interest. Why is this fact ignored? President Bush appointed Knight of Malta Thomas Melledy to the post of U.S. Ambassador to the Vatican.
And last but not least THREE gift certificates!
Bridgette Wilson (Mortal Kombat)
I digress! Here's my digi layout of her at Daytona Beach:
This was right opposite the Illustrators' Bar, where we seemed to start every day with a meeting over coffee. On Tuesday it was Kit Berry of Stonewylde fame. The other good friend, Anne Rooney, dashed off to collect her set of seven Vampire Dawn books (6 novels and a manual, Bloodsucking for Beginners) from the Ransom stand. It was publication day! These are for reluctant readers - no reason why they shouldn't have their own vampire series - and I'll be blogging about them when I've read them.
There’s an unknown number of such evidence kits across the country — all with the key to solving other cold cases — that sit untested, as in the Russell case, said Scott Berkowitz, president of the Rape, Abuse and Incest National Network.
Well, clearly someone who donates to this sale every year really likes Elizabeth Berg because I think I get at least one of her books every year. Someone else also clearly likes trashy chic lit too because I almost always get one of those in the mix. But I can't complain because this year I also got a few real winners. And Kathleen and I haven't even switched books yet!
Ontario Seniors’ Secretariat – Public Education and Awareness Unit
Following the above suggestions should give you a pretty well-stocked and versatile beer selection at home. What do you think? What beers are staples in your fridge?
Bake for about 20 – 25 minutes until slightly raised and golden brown.
If you could give a piece of advice to someone else that’s been diagnosed, what would it be?
In the pan for the fish I heated up the oil. Then I slid the fillets in flesh side down. I let them cook until they were barely starting to brown. Then I flipped them over, added the salt, pepper, and chili powder, and then placed the tomatoes around the fillets. The recipe said to cut them in half but my pan isn’t that big, so I cut them into sixths and hoped it would be close enough. Then I flipped them back just long enough to take the skin off, flipped them up again and called dinner as served.
“I am your real mother, I am your more important mother.”
B. Passing Out Of The Bread
Even though this book is a work of fiction, discovering these ideas and then reading about them was the best part of this book for me. I did not like the story as much and I felt that there was lot of avoidable gruesome violence.
I forgot how much fun Thursday's and Friday's can be when you work. I took for granted my weekends when I didn't work, so I am glad to be appreciative of them again. Thursday's, in my opinion, are always great because you are only one day away from the weekend and Jesse and I typically hang out a little later with friends since we only have to push through one more day of work. Friday's are obviously great because it's Friday! At Fifth Ring, someone always brings breakfast on Friday mornings and the office atmosphere is so much more relaxed (meaning I get to wear jeans), I love it.
(ya think if i give him some ruby slippers, he'll fly away?)
Today is one of those days that is just unusual, with it being 11-11-11 and all. I don't' get caught up with numbers or dates. However, it does get me to thinking of how many important dates in my life are shared with other memorable or celebrated dates.
On July 14, 2012, Department of Energy (DOE) rules regulating general-service fluorescent lamps will go into effect, eliminating many popular models.
”Is it wrong to call an Indian Muslim mamak? No, because mamak means Uncle in Tamil and the community speaks the language,” he said.
Still been listening to Josh Nelson Project and really finding peace in the lyrics and am trying to focus on that during my times of frustration. I could not find the lyrics online to the song “Seven” by him, so I listened to it and typed them up. Here are the lyrics to that song:
Rather than using disposable plastic eggs or dyeing real eggs, turn the hunt into a DIY craft by making eggs you can hide year after year. “Favecrafts” has a great tutorial for braided Easter eggs using fabric scraps and recycled water bottles to create a unique look your friends and family will love.
BM: It could be, but I can’t imagine why anyone would make these movies R—they’re mad and totally crazy.
As for an update on my lady parts, I saw Pinky & the Brain yesterday. They did an ultrasound (and yikes that magic wand looks terrifying). My insides were displayed on the biggest flat screen tv I ever did see, just 5 feet from my face. Basically, here is my microsoft paint rendering of what I saw:
I was perusing some open blogs the other day and came across this newby! She seems to be just starting out, with just her name and one post as to why she is starting the blog. The why intrigued me; she wants to focus a blog only on the good in life, no matter how small; but more so the name: Demanding Euphoria. So I thought about it for days. I thought about what demanding euphoria in life meant to me. Then last night I went on Google to see if I could find her blog again.
"The Way My Baby Walks"
BYOBDown with the sicknessFeel good inc.Iron manSweet child of mineOneRun to the hillsBreaking the lawRaining bloodwalki cant get no satisfactionkilling in the name ofCrazy trainThe hauntingSelf esteemFreak on a leashVicariousSmells like teen spiritBefore I forgetDu hastBodiesRainbowAre you dead?Smoke on the water
Tux is the Linux logo, or so I hear. I personally only use Macs, because they are clearly what God intended for us to use, so I wouldn’t know from personal experience.
“Despite Tunku’s open dissent, the DAP leadership wants him to remain as vice-chairman and resolve any differences in the spirit of comradeship.”
This Spring Break, I was fortunate enough to have my Hubby home from work for the whole week. Having this luxury gave our family the chance to spend more time together and take several trips in the local area. One of the places we chose was Jockey Hollow in Morristown, NJ. A historical place that housed the troops of George Washington from 1779 to 1780. It is a vast area, full of trails, soldier hut replicas, knotty trees, brush and many other interesting things. There is something so very peaceful about the woods…even with a bunch of kids running around. I just love to get re-energized walking through it. There is something so special to me, being in the woods. (Just don’t ask me to sleep there overnight.)
Be respectful of and nice to your kids. Hold them close with your words and deeds; show them the love they need and deserve. Don't send them to the corner of your life, physically or emotionally.
Satin ribbon
What is her home?
Tuesday, 15 May at Great Lines Heritage Park, Gillingham
The mystery composer in love
Suave starts to introduce hour number two when he’s violently yanked out of his chair by Attack Watch. AW decks Suave with a wicked right hand and drags him up to the ring apron. He places Suave in the piledriver position- head between his knees, and piledrives him through the broadcast table.
Ive been big into beer since 2007, and the scene in the Edinburgh and Scotland has fair changed since then, but its really been this year that the market has bloomed.
Birmingham Chief Constable Chris Sims announced at a press conference on 20th August: “ I have taken the decision... perhaps an unusual decision ... I want to to release into the public domain... footage showing people firing into lines of police officers...evidence of several gunmen, evidence of a level of planning. What we are looking at is a concerted attempt to kill or injure police officers... it is also a threat to the wider community.” (2)
The weekend is dominated by several Cymbelines and plenty of Cinema: English teacher Diana Walsgrove’s production at Havant is seen by a number of students on Friday and Saturday, some of whom are at the Shakespeare Society’s reading of the play at my house on Sunday. Sunday evening and anyone who’s anyone is in the Lupton Hall at the Bedales Film Festival 2012 where at least 15 films are watched by an appreciative audience and panel of judges including me. Some have been carefully put together over months; some, more Blair Witch Project than high budget, have resulted from the determined and frantic efforts of a wet Sunday afternoon. The range is therefore wide but the standard is impressive and shows a significant tick up from last year. Toby G’s remarkable account of the time he and his two OB brothers spent in the wilds of the Yukon is the winner. Tarquin R’s sensitive account of an old man’s fading musical powers and the spoof silent melodrama involving Celeste M, Georgie D and Rufus R are also deservedly in the top 3. Entirely student-led, colourfully and cleverly masterminded by Fred A and, now in its 3rd year, the Film Festival is one of many beacons to student initiative and creativity.
Eventually, mom turned to a friend she had met through her work. This woman had survived more than three decades as a prostitute, after being recruited by a man she thought loved her when she was just 14.
1. The Georgians started it.
Skin: Tattered Rose, Vintage Photo, Walnut Stain
We will wear our boots today,
Woohoo! Three repeats in a row, but this time we're back to my favorites: this blue gown and jacket combo worn at the courts in 2008 and 2010 is purely regal. An excellent comeback, after I wasn't so impressed with yesterday's look.
"Building a conversation strategy will allow us to visually see our complete marketing ecosystem and bake in our communication throughout all touch points."Oh, sure we can visually see it, but can we vocally say it, or aurally hear it? And also, how long do we have to bake it and at what temperature?
On to the follow up on the thyroid nodule. The nuclear scan showed several "cold" areas. A cold area is where the iodine/radioactive juices didn't take... a non-functioning part of my thyroid and/or nodule. I don't know which, the scan was of both. I was told that about 20% of "cold" areas actually turn out to be cancer. So, the next step is a biopsy. They are going to take samples of multiple areas. I meet with the surgeon tomorrow so that's about all I can catch you up on. I will, as always, share away once I know more. If you are new to my blog and want to follow the thyroid/weight loss from the beginning, check out these previous posts:
3. What was the last film you saw at the cinema? "House of Flying Daggers." Breathtaking.
J'ai la troisième carte pour la classe que je donne chez Carousel. J'ai enseigné la première classe aujourd'hui et les filles sont si bonnes, nous avons eu bien du plaisir! Cette carte est ma favorite et ce n'est pas dans les teintes que j'utilise normalement.
The airline did not give financial details of the deal nor say where it had acquired the shares from. The Irish government holds 25 percent of Aer Lingus but earlier this year said it wanted to sell its stake.
On January 31, I posted my first ever post to a blog.
Thursday - Just came in for my evening desk time. Not as many chicks hatched as we had hoped - only 3 out of nearly 40 eggs! We need to get a digital thermometer apparently. The egg donor brought in a brown paper bag full of chicks to supplement ours. They are very fluffy...
Converting just the book-words to the most basic digital format is extremely easy. Look, I can do it now. Take that first sentence: 'Let's start from the very beginning'. I won't do all of it, but here's how it goes:
The “Puffy-Shirt” from the “Puffy-Shirt” episode is on display in the Smithsonian.
I wasn’t going to buy these because they were so painful. But, a woman walking by me in the store stopped everything she was doing in her shopping endeavor to exclaim, “Those shoes are HOT!!!”
As a whole, my take was that the films was “good but not great” for reasons I’ll explain in a second, and I’m sticking to that even if it makes me a killjoy for those who have wholly embraced it as everything awesome is supposed to be (Scott Tobias’ review at The AV Club is a pretty close mirror to my own thoughts . . . if I weren’t going to itemize and explain every detail I though worth considering). As for the latter folks swept up in the hype, which seems to be far too much of the internet, witness, for example, the simplistic, uncritical accolades from “film critic” Margot McGowan at SF Gate. McGowan’s absurd “review” is narrow in scope and merely lauds the film for not breaking the from those elements that allow for a feminist reading of the book (which is a dubious position for many reasons that other, more capable folks have pointed out). Not that it isn’t a reasonable point to care that Katniss isn’t sexed-up in the film, but in the book that concern is primarily and textually Katniss’ . . . transferred over to the reader via her inner monologue. And the ultimate choice on whether or not to go this route in presenting her is Cinna’s, which he decidedly goes against. Further, concerns McGowan raises about gender equality (in numbers of tributes? seriously?) are patently absurd, as is the ladies working together to save each other angle she generates. The film is loyal to the book on these counts, which isn’t the same as it being “awesome,” which implies levels of both loyalty and creative changes to the source material that still capture the spirit of the novel and enthrall the audience.
Thanks for popping in.
One year after meeting, Tom proposes to his girlfriend, Violet, but unexpected events keep tripping them up as they look to walk down the aisle together.
It’s horrible for anyone to be struck with cancer, but it seemed particularly heinous for someone under the age of 40. The weight of that cruel reality hit me one day while I was in the shower. Without the cover of my granny-bras or my baggy t-shirts, my breasts were there, just staring up at me… well, I guess they were staring more towards the floor…. but let’s not get technical when I’m trying to be sentimental. As I stared back at them, it was as if I was seeing them for the first time. And a genuine feeling of gratitude washed over me.
Skin: CupidSis- Pale- ::Moddish::
3. Cowboy's Heaven
I did struggle for the first few days though because I felt guilty that he bought me something so expensive. We're not "expensive gift" kind of people, especially since we've been trying to get out of debt! I really felt like we should take it back because the last time Justin bought be a very expensive gift was when he bought me a video camera and we took it back only a couple weeks later when Justin lost his job....that was in 2009!!!! I'm not used to spending that much on myself! Justin refused to let me take it back though, so I'm just trying to enjoy it and get over the expense part. Unlike Justin who allows the kids to play games on his iPad every once in a while....I don't let them play with my Kindle. Mean? Maybe, but then when I do let Alec play "Where's My Water?" his favorite game, so I can nap while the little ones are napping...it makes it more special and exciting! :o)
However sometimes exactly what sounds like an reason is actually reason behind non-performance that doesn’t have almost anything to do with willingness to work. To find out you have to dig deeper.
I'm having a slow start today and that's okay. Sometimes it's a very good thing to not be rushing here and there. I have things I want to do today and things I need to do. One of those things is the library which doesn't open until 12:30 on Thursday. I wasn't able to take my shower first thing this morning as it was being used and so instead, I made use of my time by having breakfast and coffee, catching up on emails and reading the newspaper.
“Indigenous wisdom reveals a path to the future that does not include a buy-out of the earth’s natural systems. With these three words, Karma Tshiteem, Secretary of the Bhutan Gross National Happiness Commission, ended his brief description of Bhutan’s distinctive approach to economic development. It caught my attention because of the striking contrast to our common Western phrase, “Time is money.”
No wait, I've changed my mind.
It grows dark as I watch Him labor to breathe. And then. Finally. The cry erupts from His beaten body. “My God, my God, why have you forsaken me?”. I see His eyes. He is watching me watching Him, as though He is willing me to remember.
"Getting your book into print with eprint will first and foremost be an enjoyable and rewarding experience. The control of the process is with the author. The ownership of the book produced is with the author. All rights, etc. remain with the author. Most importantly, the author will have a book that reflects the time and effort that has gone into it, so that it can stand comparison with any quality produced book in the market."
I wish I had more time to work on a proper mori girl outfit because my head is bursting with ideas now, but I only had one day to whip something up, so I ended up making a quick sheath dress from one of my 70's patterns. I lengthened the skirt to make it a maxidress, and I had to enlarge it a bit to fit my hips, so unfortunately now the top is falling off of me. Not my finest attempt at sewing, but I didn't have time for alterations, so eh... whatever. The dress is made out of a $2 curtain that I bought at Goodwill and lined with .25 cents worth of estate sale fabric that I dyed green.
feel like coffins.
The recipe dapples far enough into Italian influences to be considered Italian but like so many of my favorite offerings, this recipe has just enough charm of Creole and southern flavorings to make it a classic standard in our house. In fact, this is one I am adopting and will repeat many times. Thank your Aunt Ida and Big Mama who ever you are.
I hope to do some volunteering/or work in either helping local indigenous communities or with conservation or both. please could you give me an idea of what your company does, what prices you charge for volunteering (ie food and accomodation) and whether you’d have anything available for the months i desire. I need the information AS QUICK AS POSSIBLE as there is only a few months until june and i will need to book my flights and organise it quickly. Please let me know what projects you have and what is involved in these projects. I would prefer something that is relatively inexpensive, ie I just pay my food and accommodation etc. I speak quite good spanish already and i have lots of travel experience in south america.
If you couldn't guess by the cover, the St. Petersburg quintet takes on a very futurist, dystopian aesthetic to the lyrics and visuals that is a great match to their mechanistic bombast. But while they're not averse to incorporate synthesizers and industrial noises from time to time, the backbone here is in the sheer weight of performance. The drums are enormous, the bass plugs along like a feed belt in some factory and the guitars are generally very muscular in and out of their chugging and grooving. The vocals of Oleg Sobolevskiy are a little difficult to pin down, think of heavier early 90s Max Cavalera dowsed in brutal gutturals for most of the heavier sequences, and yet where the band clears for a brooding, darker progressive passage he also takes on this unnerving, eerie aural hue which is near Gothic in delivery. When I referenced Meshuggah earlier, that wasn't to say that Stalwart are some generic djent wannabe, but they have a similar sense for the thick rhythmic grooves that course below the atmospheric dressings like oily blood en route to a rusted, metallic aorta.
I still working on some stuff for the blog, but I want to start updating daily with news, reviews, album leaks etc.
After a few hours when Simon still has not returned I get a text from him saying, "He is making me hold plates while he tastes things and I had to blind fold him. I would rather be holding Ted's hand."
Stigma also impacts survivors who have lost someone to suicide. At a time in their lives when their world has been shattered, many have no clue what to say or do. Survivors are not looking for you to “fix” anything, instead they need support, compassion and a lot of love to get through this life altering experience. Many try to comfort but use inappropriate words which add to the hurt. If you know someone who has lost a loved one to suicide, please just be there for them. Let them know you’re sorry for their loss, that is all that’s needed. Let them talk about it openly and just listen, hug them, don’t tell them you know how they feel unless you yourself have experienced suicide – just be a safe place for them to fall.
A lot of people say a good cover will sell a book. I’m not sure about that, but a good cover will certainly attract the customer and a bad cover will put people off. It can be seen as a reflection of the content. I know I have been swayed by that in the past. For roughly the same price as an editor, probably less, you can get some great cover artwork created at a professional resolution ready for print.
i'll be back..
I’m not sure where this stuff comes from. Who said Christians aren’t the ones who ‘love people’? I think the only problem right now is that there are a bunch of important people who are trying to convince the world that Christians don’t love all sorts of people. I serve in a church, I have for the past 12 years or so, and I have never met a single person in any of the churches I have served who has hated any of the above groups mentioned. In fact, I have found it to be quite the opposite: We tend to love the sinners more than we do one another. The problem that Christians have is not that we don’t love the sinners–oh, we are only too eager to do that!–our problem is that we don’t love one another. Calvinists battle with Arminians. Lutherans battle with Baptists. Pre-tribbers battle with A-tribbers. Instrumentalists battle with non-instrumentalists. Emergents battle with, well, everyone else. Catholics battle with Protestants. Free-willers battle with Sovereign Gracers. It is a rather sickening cycle and truth, but it is true: Christians don’t like one another. That, in a nutshell, is the largest part of our problem right now. And I submit to you that the world will become richer, more harmonious, more peaceful, when Christians learn to love one another per the command of Jesus.
The result of socialization being a risk is that people become afraid to break out of their comfort zones and meet new people. And conversely, people are often reluctant to let new people into their friend groups. Hence, we are presented with a conundrum.
New York 31, Carolina 18
I hope everyone has a great holiday!
And there was plenty of running around and craziness after the waffles to burn off all that sugar. She just kept trying to catch birds. She really doesn't understand why birds won't fly over and land on her outstretched fingers. I, personally, am glad they won't.
and double oil prices
This last bit, of course, is not good news. So I lied: I ended up with more bad news. But there is hope as long as there is any good news to report amidst the reams of bad news — at least as it is perceived by those who worry about the planet we are supposed to care for.
Here is the press release for the event. Please leave any questions via comment and we will get back to you. Also, if you blog or have a website, feel free to copy and paste this info and help spread the word. You can NEVER have too many people to drink good beer with.
Happy Valentine’s Day! If you are in a relationship, celebrate your love for each other. If you are waiting on someone, be bold and make a move. If you are single and waiting on God; don’t fret He sees you. He has mad love for you. And He has that person in mind. Be patient.
I don't see that coming, and it's got nothing to do with session beer. When demand continues to be high -- and everyone knows that craft beer sales are still up, and growing -- and price increases seem to have no effect on it, let alone any effect from the worst economy in 70 years...I don't see anyone dropping prices. And piss you off or not, higher prices reassure the craft novice that this stuff really is good. After all, like I said: you don't think a case of Corona costs $28 because of cost of materials, do you? Price is part of the marketing equation, and it works. It's not lucky for those of us who already know the stuff is good, but there you are.
WHEN: August 18, 7-11pm
artmarket
You are worth making that change. I am starting to see those really unnatural foods as poison… I mean seriously, when you are eating things you can’t even pronounce that were made in a lab… how can that really be tasty? Why would you do that to yourself? Why are you not worth natural foods? I know people think it “tastes” better but it is all just part of companies wanting to make more money. They want you to keep coming back so they add things that trick your body to crave it. I do not want companies messing with my mind that! No thank you. After not eating that kind of junk food for months, I do not miss it. If I do eat some of it, I don’t feel well afterwards. It is just not worth it. I am loving making my own food and not relying so much on prepackaged stuff. I have no idea how the notion got into people’s heads that healthy eating meant eating grass all the time. NO WAY. I still eat burgers, spaghetti, chicken, turkey, pork, desserts, bread… I just don’t rely heavily on a lot of additives. I do not rely on butter and salt to make my food taste better. I rely on natural flavors of garlic, onion, basil, rosemary, cilantro, pepper… And honestly, I think it tastes better.
Yesterday we learned that our office is moving to another building this year.
Arriving in London on Monday, after eight full days of swimming which captured the hearts and imagination of the public, he inspired us all and lifted our spirits! What a fantastic effort! He raised over one million pounds for the charity, about which he is clearly very passionate.
In all, I took 147 pictures on my digital camera (plus a few with my phone). I won't post them all here, just some of my favorites. In no particular order, with captions, here we go...
VIVA SPORTS TEAM
The questioner wants to know why a fully understood experience leaves no memory. We are lonely, empty; being conscious of that emptiness, that loneliness, we turn to experience to fill it. We say, “I shall learn from experience; let me fill my mind with experience which destroys loneliness.” Experience does destroy loneliness, but it makes us very superficial. That is what we are always doing; but if we realize that this very want creates loneliness, then loneliness will disappear.
While I do love the FW kits, they have taken away a little in regards to Pre-Heresy modelling, allowing everyone to quickly get a foot in the door. I think that is what prompted my to start my Pre-Heresy True Scale Alpha Legion.
So, Chris called around some more, found a handy-man that charged $25 an hour, and got put on his list. The problem? His first available day was June 9th. My due date is May 30th. Oiy.
Is to experience a life with you
But Lord…You chose me. You made me holy. I did not…could not…would never, ever deserve what You have done, by rescuing me! I am alive simply and only because You made me alive.
Beading and little painted cut outs were applied to the finished stitching. As a matter of fact, this was one of my fiirst free motion abtract art stitcheriea, completed in the spring of 2004.
You can see how others involved in this New Year's Resolution are doing at http:/tinyurl.com/towatchpile.
“Singaporeans need to do their part to make newcomers feel welcome, and to help them imbibe the values that have made Singapore strong as a society,” he said without elaborating on the part of immigrants themselves.
“I’m sleepy.” Addison closed her eyes a little, all the action making her lose what little energy she had left. “Can you take me upstairs?”
Dinner was a big salad with this lovely tomato and corn salsa. It was so delicious that I think I will probably make it for our big 4th of July party this summer. I drank about 14 glasses of water today, water really is a hunger killer, it truly makes you feel full.
As I had planned, I went out at a fairly steady pace. I knew there were a few females ahead of me but I wasn’t sure how many.
de esta un papel decorativo. Luego, toma una cartulina blanca
The hubs is pretty sick. For the past three days, my life has been consumed with taking care of him... taking him to doctor's appointments, figuring out his medical insurance (which changed over on Tuesday from an old policy to a new one), visiting the grocery store and pharmacy several billion times (no, not really), visiting the hospital at o-dark-thirty-ungodly-hour-in-the-morning (yes, really).
I went back downstairs and went out to the Children's Garden and realized I hadn't prayed yet. So I prayed for Nate's safety, and doctors' wisdom, and clear answers. After I went back inside, it was only a few minutes before someone said, "Payne?" and I walked as quickly as you can walk without running through the maze of hallways to get back to him. He was whining and crying a little. The anesthesiologist said he did great. We got Nate to drink a little something, and he was supremely annoyed by the IV so the nurse removed it. We asked him if he wanted some crackers or something, and he said, "I just want to get out of here!" Hehe. He did not care about dinner. He just wanted to get back to the trains.
The sun is barely awake when people in Changchun, China welcome the day by gathering in Culture Square, (also known as Changchun Cultural Square). The clock has barely struck seven o’clock, and this large city park is already bursting with life and color.
What does this mean? Well, for once- in the longest of long eons- Melissa will be sans S.O. And living on her own. And making her own money with her own car with her own checking account- on her own. (noticing a pattern?)
Inevitably, despite telling my GP a couple of weeks ago that the pain in my foot had been going on for two months and the pain in my shoulder for a month, the guy (whom I had never met before – you get whoever is free at my GP practice) pooh-poohed and refused to get me an X-ray and gave me simple painkillers, saying the painkillers would clear up the problem in “a couple of days”.
- we've taken care of lots of projects around the house but still have many more to go
My first live magic show :D
The Lib Dems are leading in the non-authoritative poll I'm running (which you can find at the top right of the page you are looking at.)
In all his public life, through the preaching of the Gospel and miraculous signs, Jesus proclaimed the goodness and mercy of the Father towards man. This mission reached its culmination on Golgotha, where the crucified Christ revealed the face of God, so that man, contemplating the Cross, might be able to recognize the fullness of love. The sacrifice of Calvary is mysteriously anticipated in the Last Supper, when Jesus, sharing with the Twelve the bread and wine, transforms them into his body and his blood, which shortly after he would offer as immolated Lamb. The Eucharist is the memorial of the Death and Resurrection of Jesus Christ, of his love to the end for each one of us, memorial that He willed to entrust to the Church so that it would be celebrated throughout the centuries. According to the meaning of the Hebrew word “zakar,” the “memorial” is not simply the memory of something that happened in the past, but a celebration which actualizes that event, so as to reproduce its salvific force and efficacy. Thus, “the sacrifice that Christ offered to the Father, once and for all, on the Cross in favor of humanity, is rendered present and actual” (Compendium of the Catechism of the Catholic Church, No. 280). Dear brothers and sisters, in our time the word sacrifice is not liked, rather it seems to belong to other times and to another way of understanding life. However, properly understood, it is and remains fundamental, because it reveals to us with what love God loves us in Christ….
2. Haas avocados or beefsteak tomatoes, .49/lb. at Sunflower (through 2/9/11)
The front axle of the 911 has two 60kW electric motors which will drive the axle when a boost is needed. Otherwise, the 911 GT3 will have the usual 4L flat six mounted in the rear of the vehicle in traditional Porsche style. The other modification is for battery storage and braking.
Third of all, how do you spell “kooka”?
How can I be completely embarrassing one day and then turn around and judge someone else "they are so weird" or "they aren't very kind" or "they hoard money" or "she smells like cheese" Usually someone will have one cheese smelling moment and they smell like cheese forever. Judgments can be so cruel and they stick around for a long time it seems...probably because they turn into fun stories to tell others I suppose...and then the vicious cycle continues.
If the President wants to extend the temporary cuts in loan interest rates, then say that the economy is not in good shape, especially for recent grads, and increasing the rates will further hurt the economy. You can’t preach about recovery and a better economy one day, and the next talk about the need to extend economic relief. Don’t shit in one hand and then try to sell me fertilizer with the other Mr. President.
Yesterday, at our request, a representative from the Department of Agriculture came out to visit and test our chickens in conjunction with the National Poultry Improvement Program. NPIP is a voluntary program that provides testing for common ailments in home and commercial flocks. NPIP helps us to ensure a safe food supply and avoid the transfer of disease through other means (after all, taking care of chickens is not a hands-off activity here at the Flying T). In addition, it allows those who raise chickens to avoid unnecessary medicines and antibiotics. Finally, by working exclusively with NPIP-certified hatcheries and home producers, we can reduce the chances that our healthy flock is infected by birds or chicks we purchase as replacement stock.
“Todas las hojas en las camas,” I say to the guys, hoping they’ll forgive my terrible Spanish. Next year, before the leaves fall, I’ll send the boss a packet of articles about the subject and direct him to Home Depot and Sears ads for mulching mowers.
I thought it would be fun to have a link party (my first one) here on Monday to show off your chalkboard ideas....just because I love them so much. What do you think? Will you join me?
The Role of the Guru and Deity in Experiences
On Sunday morning, I was on a panel to discuss the use of social media to eliminate health disparities among minority populations. Although my program's forays into social media for HIV/STD prevention have been limited and inconclusive at best, I felt like I was at least able to convey the (ahem) challenges one must face when attempting to implement something new and not especially predicable at a government agency. That doesn't mean you can't change things in a bureaucracy, but it does mean you'd better take a mighty long view of things if you don't want to lose your head. It was great to hear that experience reaffirmed by several others while learning about their work.
Allow to rise for 1 hour or until double in size.
It's a strange experience. Firstly, although I'm appreciating the ironic authorial stance towards the child David in a way I couldn't have done as a child myself, or at least don't remember doing, it's all so very familiar, although I read it so long ago, far more familiar to me than many books I first read much more recently and re-read after far fewer years. A good part of the reason for this must be the ubiquitous nature of the story in our culture - all those film versions - but I do wonder too if it's testimony to Dickens' genius, or maybe the power of books over a young impressionable mind. More importantly, though, it's not just the book I'm reading. There's a palimpsest - more than one: as I follow David through the death of his mother and the marriage of Peggotty, there are images in my head too of the bedroom in our rented flat in an old Victorian building where I woke to find the book in my stocking that Christmas morning, and of the blazing coal fire beside which I sat reading it in the winter evenings following. I had my own feelings of loss and longing at that time with which the book chimed, and reading it now, they are brought back to me. Even then, the first time, when I read of David's visit to Yarmouth and the inside of the boathouse, my grandparents' cottage by the sea rose up before me with similar feelings of refuge, and so it does again now, along with that memory of its doing so before. As narrator Copperfield muses that while he recalls his childhood the early image of his mother's face overlays all later memories of her, I am struck by how far the youthful image of my mother's face at the time of that first reading has been with me as I read now. As well as the book, I am reading my own childhood, and not just that: I am reading my own first reading of that book.
We are part of a new village now. Our neighbours were neighbours before, were not for a while and now are neighbours again. The village we made part of in Somerset has dispersed. Our friends Hannah and Daniel and the twins were parked by us there again. They have headed off east to join another gathering. We'll see them again somewhere sooner or later. We'll see others too, familiar and unfamiliar. It's a strange experience of life, crossing paths with others, a unique experience for each person, and yet shared in some aspects. It is the net that links us all, the strands are gossamer-thin and steel-strong, and each path-crossing vibrates them.
Just as God has given us the strength and the tools to have gotten through these past 2 1/2 weeks, I know that He’ll pull through for us when that time comes. Please pray that William and I will have the mental clarity and Godly insight to do what is right for our baby, according to God’s will.
What I’m struggling with now is what to do with them!
Time is pressing on. With the plinky-plonky piano theme from Q5 in my head, I leave the churchyard for a quick circuit of the town – past the tree under which John Wesley last preached in the open air in 1790, past the Millenium Beacon which stands on a site overlooking the Brede Level once occupied by St Leonard’s Mill until this blew down in the Great Storm of 1987 – to head south along an avenue of lime trees, cows to the left, sheep to the right. On the edge of the modern town now, but there are signs that mediaeval Winchelsea once encompassed a larger area, before the silting of its harbour, like Rye, led to a decline in its fortunes. Like a shark’s tooth emerging from the ground, a ragged gable end wall is all that remains of St John’s Hospital, not a hospital in the modern sense, but one of four almshouses in the town. In use until the 16th century, this crumbling monolithic slab is the only fragment left, all vestiges of the other three (Holy Cross, St Bartholomew’s and St Anthony’s) having long since vanished. Other remains have been found buried on the finger-like ridge of Wealdstone that stretches several hundred yards to the south, a promontory into the surrounding low-lying marshland.
meeting them I am deeply afraid of them. My parents divorced when I
Just a quick apology for the lack of posts recently; I'm feeling a tad overwhelmed on the work side of things.
It is interesting to note that in the Q interview, the band state that 'the tourists' are the worst thing about Iceland's economic collapse, that there have never been more, due to the failed króna, and that these tourists are the only people that bother the band for autographs. If you are reading this, tourists or potential tourists, do note that Sigur Rós are not fans of giving out autographs. Try to refrain from asking for them. They have politely requested this.
The boys will also read a variety of books from the library.
No matter the age, the more the five senses are involved in the learning process the better the learner engages. Together we will explore how to take a story from Scripture and make it come to life in a variety of ways that engage the learner. It will help eliminate boredom in your classroom. It will make your message “sticky”—so that everyone in your class walks away with something.
The PlayStation Vita’s immense power is provided by the 32-bit Quad-core ARM Cortex-A9 MPCore CPU – the same beating heart you’ll find in many other devices including the iPad 2. Graphical grunt is thus supplied by the A9's defacto GPU of choice, the similarly quad core PowerVR Series5XT SGXMP+ chip.
H. Kona Navy
Kenny West (REP) 3.39% 125
Shared on:
Radio: Old people like to toss salads and have golden showers. But are not practicing safe sex.
When you do that you then have a reasoned and passionate approach, tempered to a hard core that will convince others that this is a worthwhile way to live and sustain society. Don't just protest: have the portfolio of investments and means to sustain your argument with you and the rationale for doing so. For any argument won purely on emotion can be lost just as easily to more emotion, and that is not the way to build society. The principle is excellent, but the execution has been on the ground of the enemy's choosing and it is time to stop doing that and choose a different set of venues and weapons to go with. Stop fighting defensively and go on the offensive in ways that cannot be countered easily.
We here at SayHey love Bob Hope!
In an open area with four partial walls of lockers and a circle of benches in the centre, opposition to the Party's advance is met in the form of additional toughs in Tshared's employ.
All items will start showing up in the shop late tonight/early Saturday AM. I'd love to hear your feedback/thoughts on the new look and perhaps your favorite product.
Are you upset with someone or some circumstance a lot of the time? If so, you may well be an irritable person. If you are frequently upset with another person (or persons), you may need to learn to overlook their unintentional actions...if love covers a multitude of sins, how much more should it cover a multitude of acts that irritate us.
The reason for this being is that I promised myself earlier this year that I wasn't going to knee-jerk react to products just because they came from camps whose actions I've disapproved of in the past.
you finds this in the course of your pillaging. I don’t have a secret
The denim came home with me, and I decided to go ahead and cut out McCall's 6279:
Within this familiar story, however, Cianfrance and his two lead actors manage to locate moments of messy emotional truth, most memorably in those lengthy scenes in that sex-hotel room. As Dean and Cindy circle each other, awkwardly trying to rouse each other to some kind of romantic passion, these sequences gradually take on a John Cassavetes-style power—a sense of raw, unadulterated life being played out in front of a closely observing camera.
Either way, whether its for heating the area above the ground based station , or whether its used to mimic a HAARP type signal into the ionosphere — we are seeing the flashes on RADAR as the signals flash through the radio spectrum…. the signal goes from 0.0 to multiple GHz — and anywhere in between.
I dont aim to come off whinny… but somedays I just feel – well, whinny. My dad called it wearing your “Poor lil ole Me” shirt. I have a long sleeve button up shirt on – flannel cause it’s cold again – but it’s hidden underneath. Obviously.
2. Be a nudist
I accidently threw away my schedule for this week.
1And I saw when the Lamb opened one of the seals, and I heard, as it were the noise of thunder, one of the four beasts saying, Come and see.
But where does the openness end
Domain: Domain of the user you are connecting with
SD: Because I work from home, I have the luxury of setting my own schedule which means my work days are never quite the same.
Love has come in and out of my life the past few years. For whatever was gained and lost, I’ve always told myself that the last thing that I should ever feel is regret. There’s no point in that. There will be times when you smack yourself on the head and you think “Why did I not see that coming?” and “Why didn’t I know any better?” but when these questions replay in my mind, I just stop and think about things eternally happening for a reason. Whatever mistake you make, whatever pain you feel, they all happen for a reason and will lead you to become who you need to be and all you can really hope for is to find yourself in a better place. And it’s all a matter of how you push yourself to accept things, let go, and start anew.
How about looking at sales as a chain and concentrating on the weakest link in it. for me the sales process starts with the knowledge of the product /service and then goes on with: booking, meeting, revised meeting /closing meeting, contract, delivery of product /service, follow-up of delivery, follow-up on usage and outfall of the purchase, customer satisfaction, add-on sales et cetera.
Stamps: Unity - frames in the house
Mogulof said the university had hoped to avoid “any kind of confrontation” and had undertaken a “patient dialogue” over the past few weeks with the activists, who refused to cede control of the area back to the university. College of Natural Resources Dean Keith Gilless visited the site to speak with members of Occupy the Farm on numerous occasions…Mogulof added: “You can’t do good science when you have a few dozen uninvited, untrained guests roaming around in what is essentially an open-air laboratory”.
Dr. Smalley has a long history of providing incredible resources to families. In this book, Gary and Norma have compiled a wealth of experience and wisdom in a format that is appealing, easy-to-read, and inspiring. It will feed you simple ways to invest in your marriage in a positive and constructive way. It would make a great gift for any married couple--wedding or anniversary.
The Syrian society with all its components and constituents and through its popular, political and civil institutions and organizations, has managed to accomplish achievements that demonstrated the depth of civilizational accumulation represented by the Syrian society, its unwavering will and its ability to keep pace with the changes and to create the appropriate environment to maintain its human role as a historical and effective power in the march of human civilization.
Did I love well?
The mad human virus.
About Robert Half International
Could you then exhibit these removed pieces elsewhere – showing, say, the entire, fully intact eastern elevator shaft from the Empire State Building at the Guggenheim Abu Dhabi, forming some weird and abstract concrete pillar in the sky, whistling quietly in the desert wind, home to seagulls?
The PTA request represents a continuation of the program that was partially funded from PPF funds last year. Budget cuts continue to leave no room for art instruction at the school, but the mandate to include such instruction in the curriculum remains. The PTA membership and school leadership have had good results with fundraising and believes strongly in the benefits that the program brings to the environment at the school. The committee’s recommendation is less than last year’s because of the increase in competing requests.
I still have.... oh, EVERYTHING left to do in preparation. Like pack. Pick up foodstuffs. Load the car. Oops. But in my defense, this day has been a full one with a session in Illinois taking most of the morning, and getting kids lunched and down for naps taking the rest of it thus far. Still-- I could probably NOT sit here blogging and get packing instead... But isn't it funny how when we want to put something off, we find other things that need doing? Ha!
Self sufficient and off the grid....Our goals!
-Do say, "I am so sorry." That's enough. You don't need to be eloquent. Say it and mean it and it will matter.
Bob, 90, and Nancy Strait, 85. Last month, six racist blacks raped and beat her to death, and beat him within an inch of his life. They had been married for 65 years. The national MSM ignored this racist atrocity because who cares about a couple of old white breeders, anyway? Thousands of Americans had to read the UK Daily Mail, in order to learn about this crime.
One man got eliminated based on his responding to the phrase”You can never be too rich or too thin” with AGREE and adding “if I were a woman.” Not a grown-up, not looking for a real woman. X! Plus, he was short. And I think my curves are a good thing! He’s entitled to his opinion but I see no need to waste energy on that argument.
Hello from Cairo! The title for this post seems very apt, since not only is today publication day for Rebecca Emin's New Beginnings (more on that below), but it's also the opening of Egypt's first elected parliament since the 1950s.
Her two are Ross Montgomery's Alex and The Cusp and Alexia Casale's The Bone Dragon, both featuring somewhat damaged children.
Being a GWT integration, one of its jobs is to compile the GWT Java into javascript for running in a production setting.
The picture above is the entrance to James Fort at Jamestown Settlement in Virginia. Betsy and I went there in 2007 to celebrate the 400th anniversary of the settling of Jamestown. Jamestown Settlement is a living-history museum on the road leading to the National Park, so we stopped there first.
5. Gateway breweries and Brewpubs will pull away from Craft beer innovation to satisfy mainstream tastes rather than beer geeks. They'll be looking for the easy money.
Oops, forgot.
Did I tell you two basement windows had to have all the brick surrounding the window removed, and then re-flashed, re-caulked, and the brick re-installed?
This was no isolated case for back in Acts 24:23 we see how another Gentile, Felix, treated him. “And he commanded a centurion to keep Paul, and to let him have liberty, and that he should forbid none of his acquaintance to minister or come unto him.”
Huffman says that in 1894 more than one-fourth of the colored births in the city of Washington were illegitimate. Many prominent Negroes admit that above ninety per cent of both sexes are unchaste. A negro may be a pillar in the church and at the same time the father of a dozen illegitimate children by as many mothers. (W.H. Collins, 1918)
As we know. There are laws for the rest of us in SA and then there are laws for the ANC, who are actually above the law or a law onto themselves.
The salads were small, but delicious – greens with a light dressing of cider vinaigrette:
Cee Lo managed to pick a song that was both fun and allowed for each of his team members to shine. Not to mention, the production value Cee Lo always brings to his performances. They started off the performance inside a black and white television! It does not get better than that.
Jason Kidd was able to be truthful and share that his daughter believed that she was in a relationship. Again, the perpetrator told Melanie that he did not sleep with his wife. The perpetrator said that he is the only one that has a job, and that they don’t respect each other.
Near the beginning, we’re on the Costwold Way. A bit beyond that farmhouse, we missed a sign, misinterpreted the book’s directions, and took a wrong turn. The book guided us to turn at a hedge, keeping the field to the left. That’s exactly what we did. Except we turned left when the book actually instructed us to turn right. We were oblivious, thinking we were following the mapped path for quite some time. After all, each instruction led seamlessly to the next.
But all in all, I am human and this is me
But imports not only came from European countries where socialism had been imposed by pro-Stalin regimes. We also had programmes from Latin America and there's one from Brazil I remember very fondly. Its name was The Ranch of the Yellow Bird (I'm doing a literal translation). In Portuguese it was simple called Sitio do Picapau Amarelo.
Friday's the day.
Television and film still have a ways to go on dealing with our changing society but it is good to see efforts being made to show Mixed couples in everyday relationships.
As Shannon is talking to the officers, a van comes rolling up to the location. As it passes by, it slows down to see if the woman the police are talking to is Shannon. Confident that it is, it comes to a stop and the side door opens up with armed individuals coming out. Seeing this unfold, Shannon realizes what’s going to happen, so she turns on her heals and begins to run. Before the officers have a chance to process what is going on, the members from the New World Power open fire, taking down both officers. One officer will die on the scene while the other has a chance of survival if medical assistance arrives on time.
Wednesday, April 25: Meet Alex’s new co-star (and wife) in his future flick, “Hidden”! Find out what’s in store for their characters here! Plus, we revealed Kecks Exclusives was going to be revealing a new Eric and Bill photo from True Blood! (We will have the photo they shared later on in this newsletter.)
I watched a documentary last night on the My-Lai massacre. This morning, I was struck by the similarities of the results of legal action in that case with the results of the Columbia County OWI case of Rep. Jeff Wood, as was reported on the radio today, albeit on a much, much smaller and less horrific scale.
This year's event reveals some one-of-a-kind Imperial IPAs exclusive to this festival, as well as many rare and sought after specialties.
I currently have a guest futon in the den, and there are no doors or curtains in the den for privacy. You're just there, sleeping in the middle of my house. Sub-par guest conditions for sure. Alas, I think I will end up selling this adorable luggage rack at the flea market in July.
So flawed, so imperfect
Gospel of Luke
Stan reaches rock bottom just before his thirtieth birthday and, as most of us are prone to do when we come awake to find ourselves ready to eat canned cat food rather than go out and face humanity, he decides he must change his life. Thus he begins a quest: to lose weight, to stop smoking, and to “Fall in Fully Reciprocated Love with the Woman of My Dreams.” The blog is born: a way to keep himself accountable, whether anyone else is listening or not.
According to the publicity material for this project, Williams has referred to Hoods and Shades as his “folk album.” That’s probably because Coffey’s acoustic guitar-playing is prominent on many cuts. But the term folk is pretty misleading. This isn’t “Michael Row the Boat Ashore.”
I received this book complimentary from Tyndale Publishing in exchange for an honest review. All opinions are my own.
Let me know, and I'll give you my 2 cents on my "how to"!
I’ve just done the last of my launch events for Persuade Me, so I can now settle down to number three in the Darcy & Friends series. Which of Austen’s heroes will I tamper with next? Two down – Mr Knightley and Captain Wentworth – and four left to go. I’m still making up my mind – perhaps I’ll do some in-depth TV and film research!
They all have difficulty with the back stroke, so Miss Alex finally just took them out of the water and had them practice standing up:
Discouragement may be the most influential feeling that encourages good workers to leave youth ministry before they should. In his book “Your First Two Years in Youth Ministry” Doug Fields talks about the three feelings that discourage us on our spiritual journey:
Friday………………….1/27/12: Yoga
Latvia is a country in the Baltic region of Northern Europe. The history of Latvia dates back to 3000 BC and goes through Medieval period, Restoration period, The Russian Empire, and through WWII, and still going strong today. Latvia has a long history, and I am glad that I took the time to read about it.
Once dry we stained everything with a coat of stain.
David Lee Roth or Sammy Hagar? (Poll below)
Do it for mow cop
One of the new covens holds to the old law, to have no contact with the old group. The interpretation they are using says that this restriction lasts for a year and a day. They also distinguish between friendship and religious practice. There will still be phone calls to touch base on a personal level. The old coven leaders will not be guests at the new coven’s rituals. At least not for a while, until the new group has time to establish it’s own traditions and group dynamics.
After a long pause, the door opened. A small woman in her 90’s stood before me. She was wearing a print dress and a pillbox hat with a veil pinned on it, like somebody out of a 1940’s movie.
I've done a couple of hand written scriptures on
As you would expect, we had none of this and, as you’d expect, about fifteen minutes later there an encore. They came back out to play Ruby, which didn’t actually make the version of Torches that I got a hold of, before banging out Pumped up Kicks in a super awesome 7 minute ordeal that, after the full song was played, jumped into a club style dubstep remix – it’s truly difficult to articulate how fantastic this really was, so I’ll leave you here with a verdict and a video.
Jesus Christ came as an extension of God’s Grace to His People. Through God’s Rich and Abundant Grace, the payment of our sin debt now moved mankind from forbearance to satisfaction. The penalty for sin has been paid in full by the Blood of Jesus Christ opening the door to a New Life living in close proximity with God. Grace should not be confused with God’s Mercy. These are very different things. Grace is a full pardon not just leniency. It is total satisfaction. There is nothing left owed. Mercy changes from forbearance or withholding the penalty to now a release of God’s Favor and Blessing. Grace changes God’s Mercy because now through salvation and the Blood of Jesus Christ to release divine favor and blessing into His Children’s lives. He can move closer. His Spirit works within as well as without in their life. However, without knowledge of such things we do not see our Father’s Love and Faithfulness in our life remaining in our sin rather than stepping into the freedom of God’s Mercy.
The Studio 8 team is privileged to be working on plans to revitalize another Stoke-on-Trent Pottery, at Middleport in Burslem, and we are always amazed by the confidence and dexterity displayed by the skilled workers when handling the clay. The below picture is of Middleport’s Mould Maker, John Machin, who has worked in the factory since 1977.
She labelled the Zuma motorcade incident as "pure and utter banana-republic power abuse".
It was a spontaneous moment. It will be Sunday morning tomorrow and what better time to have something indulgent. I had a few fresh blueberries leftover and about 3 to 4 ounces of Chevre goat cheese and I was standing in front of fresh bread at the farmers market. The raisin studded Challah just called out to me. It had been a while since I indulged in making French toast so it was time.
4. Shovelling - in 8 days I have lost count of how many times I've had to shovel the paths & steps, Simon always seems to be away & Ben does such a rubbish job of it he mightn't have bothered, maybe he didn't, maybe he just hid round the side of the house for half an hour?
the mattress prevented the floor from opening up by providing a squashy surface into which the heart might sink
no intersections to
WASHINGTON, DC – The White House Visitors Office requires that an unborn child—still residing in utero—must be counted as a full human being when its parents register for a White House tour, according to documents obtained by the Washington Free Beacon.
‘Waltz King’ offers only its original English track, but thankfully is subtitled, a nice change from other earlier Generation titles. Unfortunately the film is not closed captioned, and the yellow captions have a habit of blending in with the print’s yellow-red tone.
Suzie Townsend my beloved colleague at FPLM is offering a critique of the first page of your manuscript. There are guidelines on her blog here.
This card uses the stamps in a more "country" style way...I just got the paper and embellishments at my local scrapbooking store Altered Playground. Cathy always keeps the coolest things in stock, and is always so helpful and full of inspiration. I feel lucky to have such an awesome store here in our small town! Anyway..the embellishments and paper are called "tinsel and twig" by "the girls paperie". I so fell in love with how it all worked together that I just started pulling things off the wall and couldn't wait to use it. Lucky we were to use the "Christmas Swirls" this week! I stamped the star in the set on the word printed side of the paper and embossed it with clear EP. Then I sponged it with a coordinating green ink using the star image as a resist, and cut it out. Then I put the rest of the card together using the sketch as a guide, and stamped the three words from the set last.
Armor saves (extra)
04-Someday After A While
Thank you everyone for stopping by today and entering my giveaway for the Leap Day Blog Hop. I used Random Number Generator and the lucking winner is:
This shadowbox will be offered up in my shoppe for sale soon, so stay tuned!
In the months that followed, efforts organized by the Fellowship of Presbyterians, a conservative group within PC(USA), led to the creation of a new reformed church body known as the Evangelical Covenant Order of Presbyterians (ECO).
Chanced on this new exhibition at the National Gallery today – had no idea it was opening (free). It consists of the above painting, on loan from the Hermitage in St.Petersburg, referring to it as ”Titian’s first masterpiece”, as well as a number of other Titians, Giorgiones, Durers and others that are deemed to have fed into it in some way. The other Titians include “Noli me Tangere” and the one I wrote about before, calling it the “Flight into Egypt”, which is actually the Virgin and Child with a Shepherd, or some such title. Confusingly, there is also a “Rest on the Flight into Egypt” on display.
Harry Pendel: Welcome to Panama, Casablanca without heroes.
But even with all that, if the filmmakers stripped it of it’s action film hijinks, at it’s core is a story of two complete strangers coming to each other’s aid. Sadly the film never delivers more on the sentiment between the two characters’s personal emotions. There are hints of a developing relationship, but it’s overshadowed by the action scenes, which are impressive, undermines the emotional aspect between Luke and Mei. The ending(which I will not spoil) leaves it open to the possibility of a sequel. I really wish to see a follow up to this film because the film has a really fascinating dynamic on which to build on.
Leesa responded: one thing you are absolutely spot on about is that we don’t know the power of falling in love nor the power of grief, nor indeed the power of love when ones baby is born until we actually experience it. The reality of life seems to be that our most intense experiences in life are about our deepest connection to each other. These experiences are life altering and this goes way beyond the DNA imperative.
One of my favourite perfumes for spring is an oil perfume by Melissa Flagg.
This photo of a painting shows the crews are still at the guns for the moment but their drivers are taking off without them before being overrun by the Stonewall Brigade and Stuart's cavalry. Many men and horses were already shot down at this point, and without the horses the guns could not be brought off, so they were lost.
In writing about this I’m made painfully aware of the parallels to disagreements ways to write about and support sex worker advocacy. The emotionally-charged nature of the issue is similar. The need felt by those with greater privilege to help those with less is similar. The risk of running over community-based initiatives without noticing is similar. The potential for us/them divides among people who would otherwise be allies is similar.
To see the one I miss
4. Washington Redskins
Bug is overwhelmed with his homework and wants all of us to know all about it. He goes from maniacally throwing papers to the ground in an angry rage, to crying, to just plain ignoring the fact that he even has homework. If one of his siblings gets near him while he's attempting to do it, he threatens their life. I don't really know how to help him and I wonder if it's time to take him to a doctor to prescribe him something. We've cut out almost all preservatives and artificial colors, aside from what he gets at school, but it doesn't seem to have been helping him with his anger issues. The homework will always be hard, but his inability to deal with it in any sort of normal manner is the real problem.
On a personal level, I have experienced having a sick child in the hospital. When my oldest son was 12 weeks old, he had a high fever and was rushed to CHEO, where he was admitted, and stayed for 14 days. I endured seeing him in pain, get daily blood tests, IV's, catheters, x-rays and ultrasounds. He was incredibly strong through it all. He had a kidney infection because of a condition called hydronephrosis, a fairly common condition most children outgrow by the time they're three years old. My son outgrew this condition, but was back in CHEO for five days with another infection when he was six months old. It was during these stays that I realized how lucky we are to have such an amazing children's hospital so close to home, where children receive the best care from nurses and doctors every day.
Heung Bu Nol Bu is a Korean folk tale about two brothers. Heung Bu is poor, and Nol Bu is wealthy. Heung Bu saves a bird from a snake in his garden one day. He binds the bird’s broken leg and is rewarded with a magic seed. The seed grows into a great gourd with treasure inside. Seeking to replicate the experiment, Nol Bu breaks a bird’s leg and ties it together, hoping for the same magic seed. The bird instead gives him a seed for a gourd filled with demons.
Processing
Besides the idea, the thing that keeps me fueled when I am creating is MUSIC! Here’s a list of just some tunes I played while working: Adele “Hometown Glory”/ Amel Larrieux “Weary”/ Dwele “Let Your hair Down”/ The Fugees “Fu Gee La”/ Gnarls Barkley “Run (I’m a Natural Disaster)”/ James Brown “Doing it to Death”/ John Legend “Heaven”/ Justin Timberlake “LoveStoned”/ Lauryn Hill “Everything is Everything”/ Massive Attack “Angel” (Youtube video BELOW), “Bullet Boy” & “Inertia Creeps”/ Mos Def “History” (with Talib Kweli),“Casa Bey” & “Umi”/ Run DMC “Run‘s House”, “Jam-Master Jay” & “You Be Illin”/ Saint Germain “Rose Rouge” & “Sure Thing”/ Santogold “L.E.S Artistes” & “I’m a Lady” (with Trouble Andrew). Go buy or download! Maybe if I were not a visual artist, I would dabble in the musical arts…
Here's a quiet five minutes in an otherwise rushed week - time enough to do a long overdue post.
(thinking he is Mr. Fix-it).
As you will be having dessert (and you would be a fool to miss it) Get the bread pudding, it reminds me of the most decadent and delicious french toast and with the perfect topping vanilla creme anglaise. Don't miss the Vanilla Pot De Creme or the Affogato.
It is evident by the number of fast-food pasta joints mushrooming in major Metros of India that Italian dishes are fast replacing Chinese food in popularity. Apart from availability, increase in purchasing power, and readiness to experiment global cuisine, I feel it has a lot to do with the fact that Italian cuisine makes use of fresh herbs as much as Indian cuisine does.
By now you've heard the tragic headlines. A middle-aged woman accidentally drove her van off the side of the Bronx River Parkway yesterday, killing herself and everyone aboard - her parents, her sister, her daughter and two nieces. You may have also read statements by Robert Sinclair, president of the Automobile Club of New York, that the Parkway "lacks modern transportation engineering features" because it was conceived in 1907 and opened in 1925 as "the first limited access multilane highway in the U.S." He went on to complain about the guardrail: "It is very strange that there is a curb there," Sinclair said. "You don't put curbs on high-speed roadways because they can serve as launching pads, which appears to be what happened here. A big Honda Pilot flew over a 4-foot guardrail." The Wall Street Journal found that the State's "Five Percent Report" on the most dangerous roads claimed that the "section needs a 'deceleration lane' and other measures to improve the East 177th Street exit."
Dear garden,
I will be away for a while going in tomorrow for a hysterectomy. Hopefully when I get back on my computer I will have lot's of new followers. Definitely something to look forward too, Anyone who wants to leave suggestions on how to deal with surgical menopause I would love to hear from you.
maybe it’s only a stroll in the park,
Stuffing:
I get all excited whenever some new radical education project starts in Montreal, or there's an alternative ed workshop that gets a big turnout, or there's some new unschooling publicity. I feel like interest in alternatives has been growing by leaps and bounds here in the last few years, and there really is a small but growing revolution in education happening here!
For example, today I just felt the overwhelming need to pray with a friend…
I know I owe y'all a post about what the Writing Life actually looks like in reality (following up on an earlier post) but I'm going to bump that post to next week because there's something else that's been occupying my mind.
But I kept moving
Get on with it I suppose.
JOY. Nothing like feeling too tall for cycling. I can’t even go to the bathroom at the bar without being called a “Tall class of water.” No worries, I responded to the woman and said, “That’s nice, sorry I’m not a short shot of whiskey (like you)”
3 tablespoons cooking oil
Part II of my scarf game on-the-street with one woman who is not French.**
You’ve been in a number of different TV series and films – which project has been your favourite to work on so far?
I’m not even sure who I would recommend this to? I doubt there is a huge market for netsuke among people I know or the people who read this blog (please let me know if that’s incorrect!). Obviously an interest in ceramics/pottery (which I don’t personally have) may make it more intriguing but I think if you like a mixture of memoir and story then maybe this is the book for you.
I had a busy Saturday. Jason G, who has a big workshop in his basement & garage, wanted to try building pumpkin-throwing devices for Jessica's little event in the fall, and his girlfriend was out of town for the weekend. So we spent the morning with Dan W, digging through piles of scrap at a junkyard in the ruins of a quarry facility outside of Pleasant Gap. We ended buying about fifty pounds of aluminum and iron bars, springs and the like, then hit a tractor supply shop and Triangle Lumber over near Jason's house. We met a couple of university folk back at Jason's place - Antonios whom I know from Otto's Tuesdays, and a guy named Jim who I think was at Jason's Superbowl party this year.
couldn't have done it without my followers.
But I need to concentrate on them right now
My oldest child graduated from college last weekend. It feels impossible. I feel like I was just in college… He is going to be fine, though he is presently fretting over not having a job. He is one of the most mature, responsible, young men I have ever known. He will do great things and I’m excited to see where things go for him.
if you could only see / the beast you’ve made of me / i’ve held it in but now it seems you’ve set it running free / screaming in the dark / i howl when we’re apart / drag my teeth across your chest to taste your beating heart
It really is quite cool how the uninterrupted take format can make you feel. It’s like you’re in a first-person kind of nightmare, you feel every sense of panic Sarah feels, you have the urge to do the things she does in her situation because you’re put in her shoes and the fact that there are no evident cuts in the action doesn’t allow for you to check back to reality all that easily. And it really is pretty cool how Mr. Kentis and Ms. Lau have used this technique; it opens with an overhead crane shot above the lake shore that then goes down the road, into a house, and follows Sarah all over it, and it really does look like it was done in one single take. That, and how they switch perspectives from point-of-view to following shots, add a lot of little tricks to their arsenal and really make this a rather fascinating watch.
I hope that I’ve inspired you to do something, to go somewhere and to see what’s on offer but, most of all, I hope I’ve inspired you to tell people from near and far that there’s more to Bradford than they think, that it’s beautiful and interesting and culturally rich, and that you love it!
McQuestionable Musings – My Method for Writing a Book Description
This process is wearing on me. I keep assuring Pat that I will not give up...I know it takes time and I will keep trying, but I will continue to complain about it.
Tonight I do have to add he has started singing with me. When I sang, he chimed in as well. It's the best ever! I enjoy these moments so much and don't ever want them to end. Life is good.
They even got quotations from the Opposition, to show the ruling party’s patronage on certain business personalities is still very much alive, just like former-abuse-of-power-convict Anwar “Mat King Leather” Ibrahim’s immediate charge against then Dato’ Seri Dr Mahathir Mohamad when the former was sacked as Deputy Prime Minister on 2 September 1998, ‘cronyism’.
Extravagant in their number, they looked
Chop the garlic and rosemary together, adding 1/2 tsp or salt and freshly ground pepper.
Now, I’ve pulled on the heart-strings of my friends to be in my movie – as after all, it’s just a really awesome reason for us to hang out before I leave New Zealand, so I can’t just expect them to be available at any given time! I used the web tool that any great filmmaker uses when organizing schedules, whenisgood.net. Boy did this help out a lot! I have managed to schedule in FIVE of the seven planned nights of filming into one week! Starting tonight!
3. What was the last thing you purchased that you realized was a mistake after the fact?
Now what have I been doing this past year...hmmm, let's see:
"OMG, are you buying all this stuff?" Sheila asked incredulously.
The point of the cat is clear,
Although Leeds City Council owns the building, it is leased to Zurich Assurance in an agreement spanning more than 100 years, so the authority has no control over the plans (oh how convenient)
“Can I use your bathroom?” Ann asked.
"Good boy".
We’re back to Santa’s workshop today. We’ve got priming to do on the dollhouse and the stepstools for Lyndee and Laycee. Jim’s got windows to cut out, too. So we’ll be busy out there most of the day. And eventually we have to work on the wooden valance for the dining room…I would like that done before the 20th – our Thanksgiving dinner. And I need to clean the rugs…got Ami’s carpet cleaner again so I better get it done this time.
Getting well behind with these! There has been a real effort to catch up with the podcasts of the shows. Only a week or two behind now, and before long we hope that the podcast will be available a few days after the show goes out.
KC from The Sewcratic Method. I suspect we are twins separated at birth. With one exception she knits. Well too. I only knit simple things badly. In her last post everything she sewed, I had sewed or it was on my list. If we are as I suspect, twins, I had to nominate her, we are family after all.
- Give illegal aliens a “path to citizenship,” and continue to grant automatic citizenship to their “anchor babies” (so-called “birthright citizenship”).
Guarding my eyes from what I don’t need to see.
The magic of Christmas Eve. I hope yours was wonderful, too.
TTM4 p.8
Look UP and feel the warming sun!
The world we live in is a very dynamic place. Situations change momentarily; there is unpredictability and we constantly have to adapt to these. Autism struggles with these adaptations, the unpredictable and being flexible. These skills can be learnt through specified programmes, however without dynamic intelligence the world is overwhelming and scary.
No time to post recipes, but may I remind you of one from long ago, slow roast tomatoes? If you´re in a place, like Madrid, where it is possible to come back from the market with arms groaning under the weight of ripe beautiful tomatoes bought for a few coins, you have to make it.
10-They are not afraid to be themselves. They are whole persons and are utterly amazing!
These are a set of pre-moistened pads to be used as an exfoliating skin brightening peel. They are clinically proven to brighten, smooth skin tone, and restore skin’s natural radiance (as much as a professional 30% glycolic peel, but without the redness and price tag!). Overall, clarity and skin tone will improve, a long with reducing dark spots with continued use.
The Afghans do not forget—they can be patient, very patient but they never forget humiliation.
His Eyes are Dark… And Deep “There will be no turning back…. You must be sure” he says, but does not speak.
These are materials that have informed my ideas about music and I have sometimes used in class -
Want to join us? Ladies, maybe you skip shaving your legs until you reach your goal weight. Guys, you can do the face thing with us! Email your “BEFORE” pictures and a brief message about yourself to MOUG@KLUC.com!
The resurrection of Jesus is a radically new idea within Judaism. For the most part, no one was expecting the messiah to die, let alone rise from the dead. As such, Wright sees the resurrection as one of the central clues for understanding Paul. For Paul, God revealed himself through Jesus, but Jesus was not simply a teacher, but “Christ Crucified.” While Paul remained a monotheist after his conversion, Wright says it was a “disturbingly redefined monotheism (6), with implications which sake the foundations of the worldview of the Second Temple period.
Its only when 80% of your work is routine, that you must perhaps pro-actively give it serious thought of how to initiate a big change in your job or your perception of the current job. Time to strongly believe in possibilities which will make you feel truly alive and kicking in your life. Its your right to claim that back from life, from yourself.
-Thursday is a light to moderate bodyweight circuit training day plus an Insanity type workout for cardio
“Mama Said”
My momma's favorite color is red, so I grabbed Cherry Cobbler, since it most closely resembles the rubies she adores. Since the card needs to be mailable, the gorgeous 3D flower originally created as an embellishment had to be left off. But that's okay - it can be used for another project that doesn't have to be mailed. :-) I'm sure you'll see it in the not-too-distant future!
What this involved study showed me was that we are not limited, at all, by what to use to create. Even though I like the richness of the blacks that other colors make, I also am intrigued with the somber scenes created in black and white.
Yes, funny is a good word, for now, and fits best since this is a non-swearing blog.
Lucinda is drawn to one person at school and that is Daniel Grigori. She is unsure why and he appears to have the opposite feeling about her. At the same time she is warned to stay away from him and is sort of charmed by another classmate Cam, who appears to be able to provide picnics and limo rides and tons of other contraband items.
THIS STORY WILL BE UPDATED
I want to hear it all...the good, the bad and the really ugly.
…. present unreal or imaginary situations?
I’m standing there
Brii of Brigg is Home will be hosting next week's gallery #30. Please send your 500 pixels wide images to her (briiblog AT gmail DOT com) from now through Monday 6:00 p.m. New York time. And please be sure to link to Brii as well as myself in your post.
the only reason I helped her was because she was either going to be safe with me or she was gonna go downtown where she'd be away from everyone.
I screamed.
If I had ever slept until noon my old mom would have dragged my pyjama-clad ass down to the local veterinary, grabbed a hypodermic and put me to sleep permanently.
I sat in awe through the Voices of the Year- a handful of bloggers picked for their amazing writing in the last year. Women who stood on the stage, making us laugh or slaying us with their words.
Here's the rub. Cornell has so many applicants every year, that they can pick and choose who they want. They are under no pressure to choose anyone at all. They don't need Jordan, but he needs them. And Jordan isn't rich. He has no "connections".
only tears painted the night.
I think you can fall out of romantic love. It’s possible to stop liking someone, for your personalities to change so that you don’t get along anymore, or even to be upset because of something they did to you. But to treat someone with deliberate contempt whom you’ve claimed to love — there’s something wrong there.
Years later Mancini contacts Agent Russo and identifies himself as her worse nightmare and tips her off about a crime he is about to commit to set her up. He makes it clear that he can see her through her apartment window and has been watching her. She becomes determined to discover who the caller is and why she is being targeted.
A new non-retro item I did add to this bike, was a wireless bike computer. It was actually a gift from my old man, who is also huge bicycle enthusiast. This little unit does it all! It's got a clock, an odometer, speedometer, counts calories and fat burned, tracks your workouts, top speed, and even displays the temperature. I can already tell it will prove to be invaluable for my afternoon and weekend rides.
The lady sailors will be at Amherst this Saturday to compete in the Comet Relays starting at 9:00am.
moan--gasp--cry
end, but we did know the news
It still tasted awesome, despite the lack of cheesy pocket. My guess is this has something to do with the flavor injector's flimsy plastic needle. The injector The Shannons linked looks like a fancy one with a metal needle. I may try it again sometime anyway.
According to Dr. Hew Len, who have managed to heal violence patients in Hawaii State Hospital described that he do not heal them, instead he healed part of himself that created them (the patients).
Used, two-faced, aggressive and lost.
6. Filtered water eliminates slimy bacteria build-up.
At one point I was spending over $300 every two or three days. I started spending my bill money on methamphetamine. Somehow, probably because I ran out of money, I got myself to stop. I say “myself” here, but I know it wasn’t “by myself.” I was very depressed and lost, nothing was going right in my life.
_____I was looking to buy some new sneakers last night and the guy at the shoe store asked if he could interest me in some running shoes. I laughed until I threw up then left.
Although not invited to any Hallowe'en dos per se. I am off to a rather exciting launch party on the 30th at the magnificent Fetcham Park hmm perhaps I could have a little fun?!
Because I am a Filipino.
Spread over three floors and across vast acres of prime London real estate, by way of Island ‘events’ attended over the years, this has to be unique since there is one thing missing; the heady smell of ganga smoke hanging in the air. A sign of the times of course.
and the appalling circumstances of his death make it look as though the reverse is true,
For a while, it was as close to perfection as we imagined, and then Bryan got in a car accident and all that changed.
It's a mess in here but it's my mess. I'm surrounded with books galore, paper and crafting 'things', you all know what that means! My favourite ornaments in a glass fronted cabinet on one side of me and a small table set up on the other. This is covered with a cloth and has a large selection of beads, crystals and pearls, where I am currently making a new new necklace. And during the day I have my phone within reach.
Image printed on Cryogen White Paper
Key Players: Wendell McKines (18.8 ppg, 10.8 rpg), Hernst Laroche (12 ppg), Hamidu Rahman (10 ppg, 5.9 rpg), Daniel Mullings, Bandja Sy (8.7 ppg)
But times have changed. For mothers who must work to keep our kids in food and shelter, short-cuts are necessary, and juggling too many responsibilities becomes a fine art. Should I miss the cocktail party after work today, where all the important networking takes place, or should I pick my kid up from day care in time for dinner and a relaxed bedtime story?
All those Christmas movies already on the theaters put us under the impression the next holiday will be here before we blink!
Belt: 1980s pouder blue ~ bought in Paris
When Jesus saw how the temple was being used he was naturally angry. Those who were coming faithfully to worship were finding themselves in a market, not a temple, where merchants and money changers were able to make a profit from their need to present perfect animals for sacrifice and to use the correct coinage. It’s understandable that those who benefited from the arrangement in the temple were also angry and wanted to know what right Jesus had to drive everyone out.
CONCLUSIONS
LEARN TO USE, CLEAN, FIX AND SHOT YOUR FIREARMS
Rich in texture, colour, shape and even sound.
The closest you might be able to get is to visit Las Chinchillas National Reserve, a chinchilla sanctuary in Chile run by the Chilean National Forest Corporation (CONAF) (Spanish). Let’s Go Chile, Chilean tourist company, has a guide on their website.
I made one with gold edging to mirror the gold in the cup, but wasn't thrilled with it. I'm also not thrilled with the placement or color of the sentiment. This card definitely is not finished. For now, though, I've given it all the time I can and must move on. :)
3. You control the sweetness of the jam
The evening did improve. Having calmed down over a glass of beer, friends agog at my encounter, we set to enjoying the night. We discovered a tuk tuk converted into a bar (genius), sipped pastis with avant-garde Frenchmen, danced with a glamorous group of deaf lesbians and rebuffed the attention of a hairy drunkard who seemed to think that a chat up line could be replaced by just sticking his hand down a girl's top. Sometimes its useful to be on first name terms with the barman. Hairy drunkard was summarily ejected.
The number we waited for, strived for, prayed to get to. Don't know what to do with now that we are here.
-the botched and confusing attempt at universal health care
Again, concerning Judas we read in Acts 1:16 and Acts 1:25 these statements, “Men and brethren, this Scripture must needs have been fulfilled, which the Holy Ghost by the mouth of David spake before concerning Judas, which was guide to them that took Jesus, that he may take part of this ministry and apos­tleship, from which Judas by transgression fell, that he might GO TO HIS OWN PLACE (hmmm, what does that phrase mean? But that’s a separate message))”
All the boys are damaged from their childhoods, but they care about each other deeply. Beth Ackerley is a young widow who, through circumstances and sheer pluck, has risen from impoverished beginnings to have a tidy fortune. She is kind, beautiful and a little lonely, and has recently become engaged. Ian takes one look at her at the opera and decides to clue her in on the true nature of her fiancee, giving her a few breathless kisses for good measure. Beth breaks off her engagement after convincing herself that Ian was just playing with her and decides to celebrate her new freedom by living it up a little in Paris, where Ian just happens to be visiting his brother, Mac. Naturally, Ian takes up his pursuit of Beth, particularly after she moves in with Mac’s estranged wife Isabella, who also happens to be in Paris.
Thanks to everyone for their support this past year, I can't believe it's been a year of sharing God's word with all of you through these digi stamps. Thank you to my designers for the wonderful cards and projects you have made. I am truly thankful for all your creations.
1. If you could pick one song that describes your life what would it be?
3) Thank you for being who you are, unique and different. Thank you for being yourself amid the cries for conformity, and being an individual. Thank you for allowing yourself to be who you are, and offering no apologies. Thank you for not listening to them, and staying true to you. Thank you for seeing yourself, and allowing yourself to be seen. Keep Rockin’ – There’s No Stoppin’…You! ~ Bryan Hayes
Tea with lemon, knitting (a plain shawl with moss stitch edging, out of the lovely Lorna’s Laces Solemate,) and lots of laptop time. In particular, I’m enjoying a systematic reading of one of my favourite blogs: Needled: by Kate Davies, interesting to anyone with an interest in knitting, reading, feminist history, textile history (including the history of bathing suits, the topic of Kate’s latest issue of Textisles, her e-magazine), epublishing, hiking, stroke recovery, home-brewed beer, Scotland, and dogs. In other words, a fair cross-section of those reading this blog, I’m pretty sure . . .
one would be Orkid Ria restaurant, which serves the best seafood in Langkawi (there's not a lot choice but don't compare it with the best in KL).
Everywhere, I see her happy, bright face. Hear her light trot on the floor. She was amazing. And she is very, very missed.
As for you fellas
She avoids looking at the terrified corpse and takes one more look beneath the bed. There, lying face down, is a photo frame. Within it, an almost stock photo of the perfect family. Her wayward yet long-gone husband, now replacing Ron’s image. Jasmine perched atop his shoulders, happy, gigging and Simone smiling at both. Behind them, the blurred outline of a shadowy figure, hanging from a
What is TAST?
Forgiveness is the mental, emotional and/or spiritual process of ceasing to feel resentment, indignation or anger against another person for a perceived offense, difference or mistake, or ceasing to demand punishment or restitution
And when I come across patterns I like that cost money or they tell me I can't sell what I make from it.....I respect their intellectual rights and/or free pattern and I don't even copy it off or look at their instructions. I look at the picture and make it up for myself. Then it is mine and I can sell it if I want to.
He will strive to find the balance
Edmonds took a job as a translator at the FBI shortly after 9-11, what she discovered while working for the FBI has caused her nothing but legal trouble and grief.
One of my friends was actually picked to be a volunteer dancer for this newest work from British "bad-boy" choreographer Michael Clark; that was pretty much the only reason I went to see it in the first place, having not heard of Clark before his residency was announced as part of this year's Whitney Biennial. I'll say this for Who's Zoo?: Despite its chilly futuristic feel—the video projections, the costumes, the occasional mechanized movements—this 45-minute work features some of the more sexually suggestive movements I've ever seen in a live dance. If nothing else, this was worth seeing just to see a male dancer do some strange things with a stool. I'm not sure what it all added up to—again, my relative ignorance of dance is probably showing right now—but hey, for the most part, I had fun watching it.
Oh well, it's all good really. I'm just complaining to complain. I'm thankful that I'm healthy enough to even give it a shot...it was always on my "bucket list" for some reason. Next...skydiving!
Better Off Ted – After its first season I declared it the funniest new show in years, then of course ABC goes and brings Modern Family out while NBC delivers Community and makes Parks & Recreations awesome – so now Better Off Ted is just ‘one’ of the funniest new ‘shows’ in years. Still, there isn’t a funnier actress on television than Portia De Rossi playing Veronica.
Welcome to Author A.L. Sowards
Been feeling rather uptight lately about making stuff. So I sort of stopped. Then I got a canister of MAPP gas and a new torch head because I wanted to make some copper S-clasps and toggle bars (I like the hammered ball at the end) and the propane just wasn't cutting it on the 16 gauge wire. Apparently I melted right through my inhibitions! Nothing like a little FIRE and molten metal to get you stirred up. Here's my pile of melted stuff, and some more wrapped rings:
Just to refresh your memory, last week I put up a post bringing back my breakup song contest. The first time I barely got three suggestions. This time, it was an avalanche. Apparently a lot of bad memories have come flooding back to all of you since the first effort.
As of late designer watches have soared into great popularity, and countless people are looking ahead for these so-called designer brands. However, is it worthy to go into these highly priced designer watches? Do these watches deserve the value as investments?
WHAT INNUENDO? Were the Opposition screening a video of a coffee boy (or girl) swearing on the Quran that Najib raped his (or her) pert lil’ ass? NO! The only party involved in propagating a similarly vile and now discredited innuendo were the slimeballs in BN!
The morning started early at no 27 pretentious pre-fab. Whilst getting dressed, Lady Grantham felt a sudden urge to be outside. The temperature has warmed up considerably of late and one felt quite liberated just dashing out the door without the hassle of putting on coats, hats and scarfs.
She hadn't tied up since November 2008.
The guy on the street, the woman in the classroom, the Israeli, the Afghani, the Zuni, the Apache, the Irish, the Protestant, the Catholic, the gay, the straight, you, me—we all just want to know that we matter. We want validation. We want the same things. We want safety and we want to live a long life. We want to find somebody to love.We want to find somebody to laugh with and have the power and the place to cry with when necessary.
My attempts to rapidly fabricate a village in our new town have been a kind of tragicomedy which you can possibly only appreciate when you’ve felt the happy desperation that is being a stay at home mom. (Happy because instead of working somewhere you’re home taking care of this infinitely adorable little person/desperate because some days you just HAVE to talk to someone else or go somewhere before you collapse in an angry, weeping heap.)
Dying a little bit each day.
We spent a lovely New Years Eve with our neighbors. We enjoyed a nice meal out, a trip to the ice rink, and some dessert and bubbly afterward. It was so much fun to see how the boys continue to improve in their skating, and how much team effort it took to get Gabriella around the rink a few times on her skates. She loves it and keeps asking to go back. We ended the evening with a very very late movie with our cuddly kids, and slumber party with the boys. It was a great way to start the new year!
Yet, there is liberation here. This is the liberation of speaking truth and finding freedom in that truth. After this GC, everyone knows that something must change. The main, foundational item that must be addressed: the issue of trust. If we, as a group of people committed to the work of God cannot learn to trust one another with our huge differences, then we have lost our way and our voice.
No trailer to be had. But the four gentlemen are played by Fred Astaire, Melvyn Douglas, Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., and John Houseman.
Author 3: I read @ replies, but there's no point in replying to people.
20 Secret Separation
I've had a taste of this, and it's still sweet so I'm letting it sit in the keg for a while more before I put it in the kegerator. Let it finish out more.
The judgment that was subject to the remittitur is the judgment after the
We are raising our children with Judaism and Christianity, the two religions in our family. Yet various friends and teachers have also exposed them to Buddhism, and at 14, my son currently identifies his religious identity on Facebook as “Jew/Christian swirl interested in Buddhism.”
Why don’t you all shut up
I'm sure your familiar with those ooey gooey sugary marshmallow treats that appear on store shelves around Easter and other holidays. Peeps. While I am not a big fan of them, my children love them. Every time my grandparents visit they bring a box for them to dig into. Just like they did this weekend. And they brought two boxes of little yellow bunnies. In case you didn't know, yellow is Just Born's (the company that manufacturers them) bestselling color of these confections.
Here is the final example of how I applied coloring shadows onto a birthday present. Today is my 30th birthday, and already I have been given some very nice gifts, so this tutorial is my Thank You!!
The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it – Henry David Thoreau.
And it worries me, because I love tango. And I am a woman.
I look up…. Jamie is single? Is this my Christmas present?
“The games industry is very much like a Lion pride. Studios come and go while only the best are left to rule. Many come to challenge the alpha studios rule and while the majority fall, some are left victorious. In Supersonic Software’s case, they stand as an aged pack leader, remembered for the cult classics Mashed and Micro Machines but knocked from the top spot long ago by younger studios.
I also spent the morning making a DIY photo booth (as chronicled on Twitter) with garland, ribbons, and props to make the photos extra fun...photos I will put up later because I have to steal them from other people. :)
I got another job, one in which I earned better money and gained more
I'm building a new website for the lodge - very excited about this, Matt killed himself laughing when i phoned him to talk through some stuff, he told me i was turning into a geek :)
Back to being a single Mom to these 2 little ones.
I'm continuing this event this year...quite literally. See, the linky I created last year I didn't end until St. Patricks Day THIS year. I didn't want to loose last year's links, but there's plenty of room for more, so I just decided to invite you all to keep adding to it!
Prepare the glaze:
DD- “HOW YOU GET 2 D GET OUT OF HOUSE”
ZUG, SWITZERLAND, Apr 21, 2010 (MARKETWIRE via COMTEX) –Transocean Ltd. (NYSE: RIG) (SIX: RIGN) today reported a fire onboard its semisubmersible drilling rig Deepwater Horizon. The incident occurred April 20, 2010 at approximately 10:00 p.m. central time in the United States Gulf of Mexico. The rig was located approximately 41 miles offshore Louisiana on Mississippi Canyon block 252.
7 San-Ho-Zay
Sorry, but I see no reason to think any sort of “course correction” is inevitable. The latest ideological lurch of the Republican Party came after two consecutive cycles in which the party was beaten like a drum. But it also drifted to the right during every recent Republican presidency; there’s a reason that GOPers were muttering about the “betrayals of conservative principle” their chieftains were exhibiting during W.’s, second term, his father’s one term, and yes, even Ronald Reagan’s second term. Like the tax cuts for the wealthy that are their all-purpose economic policy proposal, a shift to the right has become the all-purpose response to any political development over more than three decades. The Tea Party Movement is simply the latest incarnation of the conservative movement, which has been thundering against RINOs all the way back to the days when they actually existed.
Over the years we’ve taken many photos with the anchor in Montreal and were geeked to stumble upon one in Old Town.
-Brock spreads Cena’s blood on his chest.
hold on to the branches of Life (God)
But you served us well
So I am sure there are a million ways to make sweet tea. Adding sugar to a cold glass of tea, however, is not one of them. This is an easy way to make good, strong, sweet tea in just a few minutes.
Born in Shanghai, Gwynne moved to Washington, D.C., in 1949 with her family. During her 30-year professional career, she was a development executive for Regional Plan Association, St. Luke’s Roosevelt Hospital Center, Asian American Federation and China Institute in America and the development director for the Committee of 100's. Additionally, Gwynne volunteered extensively in the Asian American community through the Charles B. Wang Community Health Center, Renwen Society and helped to raise critical millions that enabled the Museum of Chinese in America (MOCA), a small, grassroots community museum in Chinatown that tells the vital story of the Chinese diaspora and more than 160-year history of the Chinese in America.
(you know, i really do wonder WHY i thought a partners desk was a good idea...)
A bit over carbonated. Pours black with shades of red and a HUGE non-dissipating, khaki head. The beer took 5 minutes to pour it. The head retention is insane. It's sticking together an inch above the top of the snifter. Nose is still a mixture of Close Up Toothpaste and Big Red chewing gum. The cinnamon taste has subsided and mildly degraded. It was too much, and still is at this point. There's some mild malt character, along with some hop flavor and a decent bitterness (mild to moderate), but it's still all cinnamon, basically bordering on undrinkable. it is much better than before with great lacing. This may still improve, but I don't think it's going to get passed the overwhelming cinnamon flavor. Maybe in a few months. Watery mouth feel.
Now coming back to the recipe.
wallowing is all I will ever know.
When opening the card, it revealed the treasure of two teabags: Vanilla Nut Creme Decaf Tea and Pomegranate Raspberry Green Tea - both from STASH. Can you hear a cup of tea bewing right now?
Prison = punishmentThat's a typical framework for thinking about community supervision, but I also happen to think it's grievously flawed. He did caveat this statement by adding:
Monday I came down with something, and we barely did anything. Carolyn sanded, and I did another coat of polyurethane on the shelves / back of closet.
Then I had a few very frustrating years. I started with the attitude that I would give it my best shot, so that I wouldn’t be able to berate myself later in life for not trying. But of course, it doesn’t work like that, and the books I was writing became my complete obsession.
By the way, the answers to questions 1 and 2 are as follows: 1) I dyed it like a crazy college kid and it faded to an ugly color that no one’s hair should be, and 2) it’s a sparkly booger. Just kidding. It’s a nose ring.
I give it a 1 out of 5 "Forms", and that's only because of the Walken Cameo.
Those who try to cloud our minds with fear are the enemies of both knowledge and freedom.
first place!
While the dough is rising, prep the filling. In a large skillet, melt 1 Tbsp of margarine. Add the apples and cook until they first start to brown. Add the 1 Tbsp of sugar and cook until the apples are completely softened. Add the whiskey and cook until most of the liquid has evaporated, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in the cardamom.
The Third Camp & The USSR
Geej: (In a totally dry, teen-agery tone and timed perfectly with the soulful first solo guitar notes of "Purple Rain") No, Mommy. I don't care about Prince, and I've got to get out of the car or I'm going to be tardy.
Iran’s ancient Jewish community of around 15,000 souls (9,000 in Tehran, 4,000 in Shiraz and 1,300 in Isfahan) has been living in fear of reprisals should Israel or the United States carry out a military operation against the country’s nuclear facilities. Now, they face a fresh danger of murder and abduction by Hizballah and Palestinian gunmen and terrorists in Lebanon.
I did come up with the not very scientific strategy of running the first 3-4 miles at an 8:15 pace and then trying to finish up with a couple of sub 8 miles. There was pretty much no logic to this other than it didn’t sound too scary or impossible.
Hmmmm. Guided democracy…Prolonged deliberation…Functional groups.
The nonprofit behind this digital push, Bush’s Foundation for Excellence in Education, is funded by online learning companies: K12 Inc., Pearson (which recently bought Connections Education), Apex Learning (a for-profit online education company launched by Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen), Microsoft and McGraw-Hill Education among others. The advisory board for Bush’s ten digital elements agenda reads like a Who’s Who of education-technology executives, reformers, bureaucrats and lobbyists, including Michael Stanton, senior vice president for corporate affairs at Blackboard; Karen Cator, director of technology for the Education Department; Jaime Casap, a Google executive in charge of business development for the company’s K-12 division; Shafeen Charania, who until recently served as marketing director of Microsoft’s education products department; and Bob Moore, a Dell executive in charge of “facilitating growth” of the computer company’s K-12 education practice.
Form a bond between your job and set the rules for the playing field. Like all relationships, some ground rules need to be established, standards that can’t be compromised on. And remember, it’s a two way street. You meet needs, it meets needs.
Copyright (c) Press Association Ltd. 2010, All Rights Reserved.
Explore the romance, the passion, and the danger of the most anticipated series of the last twenty years.
Just wanted to let you know my second blog is up and going every day ! I am back in the swing of P90X and fitness and counting calories! You can check out my results and how I'm doing with every thing Fitness!!!
Because of the revolutionary changes they bring about, the President, Viviana Sansón, becomes the victim of an assassination attempt that leaves her in a coma. While she is in a coma, she finds herself in a warehouse filled with every object she forgot in her life: umbrellas, dark glasses and what have you. Every time she picks up one of these objects she flashes back to a moment in her life, and that is how we find out the history of the Erotic Party and how it came to be. Meanwhile other characters deal with her absence and try to find the culprits of her assassination attempt.
Don't forget: Today is the last day to enter my giveaway for 1 month of free advertising on my blog. If you have an Etsy store, design-related biz or blog, click here for details.
Today ?
Miscibility - a potion miscibility table with a hundred different results. Significantly greater chance of things going wrong as compared to the classic table - might want to save this for the yahoo that drinks four potions at once. Although there's some beneficial stuff on there as well, along with the standard results from the DMG, just not in the same proportions.
The New England Journal has also been a market leader in making its articles available for no cost to those logging in from developing countries, and making articles with important clinical or public policy implications free immediately to all. Happy Birthday.
- “The men don't know; but the little girls understand.”
GLORY BE
Whereas Krishna said that it born of rajas and not good.
Overall I found the film average. I will watch again, I will enjoy Depp’s performance for what it is (and enjoy Chloë Grace Moretz stealing her scenes), I will chuckle at the genuinely amusing moments and I will enjoy the obvious style but I will mourn the lack of story and absence of substance.
Lemon shower gel back when I was a child. I distinctly remember being said child, and reading the back of the bottle, which spoke about the company’s founder (have no idea who this was as there doesn’t seem to be any reference to it online anymore) Who had run away as a teenager and set up the company. I just loved the idea of a renegade shower gel aficionado running round the country for the causes of cleanliness. I’m pretty sure it wasn’t that exciting, but as a child I was sold on the career path of runner-awayer and shower gel creator!
The only thing I hate more than the sudden stoppers are the walking readers. Sometimes it’s not just books. I’ve seen people with huge open newspapers. Scream at them to “Look Out!” If this doesn’t get them looking up from their book or whatever, then trip them with a casual foot sweep. They won’t know what hit them. In fact, throw in walking Gameboyers with this group too. Hell, let’s add the walking Texters as well.
Eventually my kids grew up and I was on my second marriage when Biker Dude (what I call my husband because of his love for his Harley Davidson) found out I used to dabble in writing and encouraged me to try again. So I did. It was a romance and I targeted it for Harlequin. Because hey, everyone wants to write for Harlequin. Okay, not everyone, but I’d read so many Harlequin romances over the years I knew this was a publisher I wanted to write for. So I submitted my very first book to them. They rejected it. I wrote another book. Sent it to Harlequin. They rejected it. Fortunately, I take rejection very well. I kept writing. And submitting.
The website: Tells you where, when, how much, who's giving the class and who's DJing. No fancy annoying javascript or flash or noises or anything. http://www.dancetango.co.uk/Website/PavPage0100.htm
From the day I started the blog, I just wanted to write about sex in a way that I wouldn’t be able to write about in my books ( that’s Little Black Book by Mr Oh via Amazon and all good online retailers – FYI)
The E stands for horrible brain problems, like cognitive dysfunction, i.e., problems with information processing like making a telephone call, reading or watching TV. It also means hypersensitivity to noise and light, severe headaches, severe dizziness, tinnitus etc.
If you have arrived here from Lyndas blog then you are heading in the right direction to continue with the hop but if not then please click HERE to start at the beginning
This is the new Owl Medicine. We are not so lost as humans that we can't still be fascinated by our owl relatives. At the end of industrial civilization, how ironic that the only way we can view them is via high-tech computers and internet.
Well-written books. I like a wide variety of books. I like books that take me on an adventure with characters that I can really relate to and care about. It doesn’t have to be a grand adventure, just a fun one with equal parts humor and relationships, not necessarily romance. I like stories that explore the humor and comfort of relationships without the melodrama of
I can’t,
Tanya Yvonne: How did the concept for your book come about?
Come the day, he arrives at the venue with Ga Young and Designer Kim. It is a fashion show for GG, Young Gul’s new venture. Jae Hyuk frowns at the designs. Finally at the end, Young Gul walks on stage. He and Ga Young catch each other’s eyes before he turns back and beckons Anna on stage. When Anna does come up, stumping Jae Hyuk and Ga Young, you can see the gloat in Young Gul’s expression. (Could it be any crazier?) Jae Hyuk watches Ga Young tear up and takes her hand, the gesture not lost on both Young Gul and Anna. Ga Young doesn’t take her hand back and turns to look at Young Gul, who is likewise looking at her in anger.
My condolences to Jim's mother, brother, and sister-in-law. I know he loved them deeply.
“I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the ending,’ saith the Lord, which is, and which was, and which is to come, the Almighty.” Revelation 1:8
But even if the one owl checked indicated the other two might be valuable, it still doesn’t mean taking all three would have been a good idea. From a strictly business perspective, taking all three is a good way to ensure there will be no future owls to sell in the Kathmandu. And of course, owls are important members of the ecosystem – only two days after the conclusion of this incident, a mouse attacked Balaram’s seed nursery, eating some and scattering the rest
More than ever, Malaysians must show they will not back down to such crass bullying.
Overall a nice sour beer from Cascade! I didn't detect as much funky lactobacillus. This beer tasted more like a traditional sour Belgian Blond.
Summary…
His snout is still snotty but it's not draining as much... could be the spring pollen count in Memphis is plugging him up... dunno.
They joke sometimes about the things my husband has had to take over that I originated. To me, this is not a joke but it is heartbreaking. What about the years from 1-13 when I did everything for them? It makes me want to cry. Now they know their Dad makes them lunches at night and greets them in the early morning. Even my “Mommy’s Famous Cheese Sauce” became “Daddy’s Cheese Sauce.” It is NOT a joke for me, nor will it ever be, I find no humor in my own personal failings.
I have created many line art works for Crafts and Me, and there is something rewarding seeing all of your paintings and sketches in beautiful, black, and clean lines. I knew this past Monday I had to keep painting. Oceana is finished, and I'm still working on the months and another large WIP, but I believe I can do more. With two shows next year (more on that later), I need to be painting!
Well, this is it for now folks. Like I said I will post this tomorrow, not that you will know because you can read it when I post it and you did not know I was typing this before I posted it so…
Apparently, a lot of British people find that listening to jungle noises puts them to sleep. I suppose the chattering of monkeys reminds them of childhood visits to the zoo, rather than annoying creatures who might piss on their heads. When I want to fall asleep quickly, I listen to an audiotape of a woman nagging her husband. It takes me back to my carefree circus days, when I sniggered at humans queuing for tickets in the hot sun.
First drafts should be real and raw, in my opinion. I'm happy to let my internal editor help with revisions, but find if I listen to her at this stage, my characters clam up and my story stalls.
Based on these perceptions, groups aspiring to self-determination formed delegations, selected representatives, formulated demands, launched campaigns, and mobilized publics behind them. They composed and circulated a flood of declarations, petitions, and memoranda directed at the world leaders assembled in Paris and directed at public opinion across the world. Many of the petitioners adopted Wilson’s rhetoric of self-determination and the equality of nations to formulate their demands and justify their aspirations, both because they found his language appealing and, more importantly, because they believed it would be effective in advancing their cause. They quoted at length from the president’s Fourteen Points address and his other wartime speeches, praised his plan for a League of Nations, and aimed to attract his support for their struggles to attain self-determination.
here's some happy photos that get me in the mood to smile:
It’s something to look forward to; to work towards. There is a goal and you are striving for it.
~Poop in the sink. Yes. The sink. Forgive me if the words, "HAVE YOU EVER SEEN ME PUT POOP IN THE SINK?!" escaped my lips.
What's wrong with me? I've waited so long for this baby, how could I ever wish such a terrible thing? I don't deserve to be the mother to this child, a mother to my daughter, or a wife to my husband. I don't deserve them and they don't deserve this life with me. Guilt. Guilt. Guilt. The never-ending spiral of guilt. The worse thing is that it becomes a vicious cycle... the more guilt I would feel, the more depressed I would become, which would result in more guilt.
I tried to color an actual, colorful, swirled lollipop. I added some clear embossing powder over it to give it some shine. It's hard to see in my picture but it's pretty cool in person. I made a grassy hill for my bunny to stand on and I added in the clouds by sponging with white craft ink and using a negative from a cloud die cut. I also embossed my sentiment which is a great way to add a little shine and really have your sentiment pop off the kraft paper.
I was really hoping Simon was going to play some of the other compositions especially apparently there were a couple real gems produced by my classmates.
Quin - Clean up the kitchen
My life mate/soul mate and I did nothing on Valentine’s Day. For us, it was just another meaningless day given significance only because we were together. Most of my fellow bereft are dreading tomorrow, knowing it will bring an upsurge in grief. They are planning lunches with friends and special outings to keep from thinking of what they have lost. I too am planning to go to lunch with friends, and this very effort underlines my problem. I can find people to do things with, but I no longer have someone to do nothing with.
no wars
3. Put 1/2 stalk of spring onion. 5 slices of ginger and 8 cups of water into a pot.
One well-known aspect of quantum physics is that certain observations cannot be predicted absolutely. Instead, there is a range of possible observations each with a different probability. One mainstream explanation, the “many-worlds” interpretation, states that each of these possible observations corresponds to a different universe (the ‘multiverse’). A new scientific theory – called biocentrism – refines these ideas. There are an infinite number of universes, and everything that could possibly happen occurs in some universe. Death does not exist in any real sense in these scenarios. All possible universes exist simultaneously, regardless of what happens in any of them. Although individual bodies are destined to self-destruct, the alive feeling – the ‘Who am I?’- is just a 20-watt fountain of energy operating in the brain. But this energy doesn’t go away at death. One of the surest axioms of science is that energy never dies; it can neither be created nor destroyed. But does this energy transcend from one world to the other?
When a dead jack snipe with a stamp on its beak appears on her doorstop she's intrigued. But when she finds a dead body in the cucumber patch the following morning, she launches into a mini murder mystery adventure.
So…enough about the blog…what about me?
Is it wrong for me to be fascinated with this whole life changing process despite the fact that I am the damaged creature at the center of the experiment? My Dad would always tell me that I never did anything half way. If I was committed to something I either failed or succeeded in spectacular fashion. I was just so hoping to be spectacular today.
This will be followed up with launch of deodorants and shoes in the next nine months. Turtle shoes, which will be competing with brands such as Red Tape, will be priced between Rs 2,995 and Rs 3,995 under the semi-premium category. Clocking revenues of Rs 122 crore last fiscal, the company, which is targeting an earning of Rs 175 crore this year, will be investing about Rs 27 crore to increase its outlets and ramp up capacity. From 55 exclusive stores, it plans to have 100 by this year end, with 60 per cent in tier II and III cities.
In case you are wondering, yes, I did volunteer to do this!
“You know… What’s your ..*pause for effect*.. “number“? Again, the finger quotes, and this time he added the pervy eyebrow wagging when he said “number”.
‘Dirty’ is true to its namesake, a sensual journey that explores desires and primal instincts and finely balances female and male vocals that weave like serpents in the mix. The album opens quietly with the haunting echoes‘W Train’ and ‘Apres La Plage’, saturating the senses in vivid sound. But it’s not until ‘Voyage’ that we feel the real elusive, unpredictable, and truly underground nature of the album. Frequently returning to quiet interludes and unexpected snapshots of mysterious scenes, ‘Dirty’ is cleverly fashioned for indulging in again and again.
Whoops. Sorry. It's not that I forgot about you...I just forgot to tell you. In case you were wondering why I had gone suddenly silent. (Or perhaps, you were thinking to yourself, oh thank god that woman has FINALLY shut up...!!!)
There is more space back to the left, but it’s full too. So here’s the progression of work…..Ms. R. searches out the furniture and coordinates picking it up. I (try) to help base coat. I organize, sort and otherwise try to find space for furniture hardware, paint, etc. when I’m not doing that. Heather…..well she’s the true artist. She does all of the pattern.
Still checking goat "butts" as have one due any day and one due in April. Olivia is doing fantastic and back with the other goats. Lil Vicki is growing and still spoiled rotten. She is not afraid of anything. She goes right up to the dogs and climbs on them, licks their nose, or just cuddles up with them. They love her too and let her do anything she wants and just sit there.
And I remember this too…the sea of Galilee is not large. On a clear day, you can see people on the other side. Yet, when storms rise up, it’s like a mixing bowl on high. And did not Jesus know this? Yet, He knew the end of the story…so He was asleep.
Thanks again for all the lovely comments, it was fab to "see" those who stopped by
But it’s not just Shanika that’s trippin! Its Dr., Bishop, Reverend _____ out there. You know how they say that gold diggers are “F’in for Bags”, well they are “Preaching for Bentley’s”. They are so busy trying to fill their pews with celebrities and big ballers so that they can get that 10% that they are forgetting that they are the foundation of the African-American community! Tyrone might not attend every Sunday, but if he gets locked up, his momma that has been faithful to your church will want you to write that letter to the judge! I joke, but it’s sad that these men that were once pillars of the community that people looked at with respect and often lead some of the most prolific civil rights movements in the community are now calling their lawyers to get out of baby momma drama, infidelity charges, tax evasion and gay scandals. Marvin said it the best, “What’s Going On”?
Snow meant cold temperatures, cars that wouldn’t start and scarves wrapped around your neck, forehead and everywhere in between, with only your eyes peeking through the crocheted mummy wrap. It meant extra time needed to warm up the car, put on all the extra snow apparel to help avoid frostbite and to remember to grab an extra pair of shoes before you run out the door. If you forgot the shoes, you’d be stuck wearing your boots all day at work or school and Sorels back then didn’t look so pretty with a pencil skirt. Snow meant worrying about getting stuck as you plowed your way through the snow piles towards your destination and then worrying about you car not starting at the end of the day to get you home. And just when you were getting ready for bed, you remembered that you had to go outside one last time to plug in your car so you could up your odds of it starting the next morning.
He felt the worst thing a Young Adult writer could do is to pretend or assume that they know what kids are about and what they are doing. He believes it’s dangerous for an adult writer to pretend that they are a teen and write in a teen way. He urged YA writers not to write in current slang. He writes about emotions because those don’t change – although he will research stuff which is current for teens, like texting.
I AM FULL OF QUESTIONS AND THOUGHTS on this topic and I could go on for ages - I'd love to hear what you all think.
-A box full of condoms and lube
Which leads us to a question brimming with potential and overflowing with possibilities. Suppose you used the second method of bending a spoon, and just brought your arm muscles into play to give it a bit of a twist, but then – and this is the clever bit – you use some cunning misdirection of some sort, and dress it up as an example of the first method, to make it look like you’re demonstrating psychic powers.
i didn’t know who to call.
Try it yourself - you deserve it!
GINGRICH: Let me say, first of all, having gotten to know them, I think all three of the wives represented here would be terrific first ladies. Callista and I have gotten to know all three of them, and we think they’d be fabulous people. So I would rather just to talk about why I like Callista, and why I’d like her to be first lady, but she’s not necessarily in any way better. These are wonderful people, and they would be wonderful first ladies.
Yet, knowing this proverb has also made me realise that I have no business worrying about the opportunity once it is lost. I know it will never return. So I start looking for the next opportunity, this time knowing what I should not repeat my mistakes if I want the benefit. I have also learn’t to be careful with my resources. Many of us make the mistake of spreading ourselves too thin, we run after every dream and every opportunity that comes our way and end up with no progress made. We will have to be realistic about what we can do. Whether we have time, financial or even material resource constraints – we must remember that we will need to prioritise. I always say to myself that I will start with achieving the goal that would give me the most benefit, in that order, until I achieve all of them.
Overall view of the app - Newly released Toys! is an adorable game with tons of fun. Very addictive, I found myself playing for quite some time trying to beat my highest score. Definitely a game for the entire family to enjoy. With Game Center you can play with anyone across the world or simply start up a game with friends. The added options of power ups (the freeze power up is my favorite) to keep you alive in the game is much needed and really adds to the fun. Download Toys! for your little one and you might yourself addicted too!
Olive 3
Down on the Farm — novelette, set approximately 2 years after Pimpf. Collected in the short story collection "Wireless".
Baby Blue
2. In a medium sauce pan, boil 1 quart of water. Add the raisins and simmer for 5 minutes. Drain the raisins. Move the raisins to another container. Add the bourbon to the raisins. Cover for as long as 1 hour, or refrigerate overnight. The raisins should look slightly plumped.
alert to respond to whatever he wills.
and here's where my day today ties into the idea of respect, as mister gordon states above: bonzo knows better than me when he's sleepy. he just does. he's in his body. as always, i'm watching for his signals and actions, keeping to the rhythm of our day when naptime usually falls. but just because he's usually tired around noon doesn't necessarily mean he'll always be tired around noon. i make naptime available every single day and guide him towards it – sometimes effortlessly and sometimes with a little nudge. and usually he takes it even if it means he just eventually gets there after initially not being super inclined.
Stephen Richer (Washington Legal Foundation) has emailed with an item for PatLit -- this analysis was published last Friday by Washington Legal Foundation. Titled "Supreme Court To Address Standard For Induced Patent Infringement – An examination of Global-Tech Appliances Inc. v. SEB, S.A." and written by Brian Pandya (Wiley Rein LLP), this not explains that the issue at stake is whether 35 U.S.C. sec. 271(b) carries a scienter requirement (i.e.that it must be necessary to prove that an alleged infringer has actual knowledge of the patent before he can be liable for inducing patent infringement. The note adds:
A week ago, her second novel, Guilt by Degrees came out. As before, most white men are weak, corrupt, or outright criminals. The heroine, based on Clark herself, is the toughest prosecutor going. Her best friends are a white detective who is smarter and better than her male colleagues with a black boyfriend, and a black female prosecutor who is tough and smart.
I don’t think I am able to answer this question properly. I do have a friend who is like my inner voice. I am eternally grateful for her, and I know that I can talk to her about anything with no judgment, just advice. She’s there to simply listen, if that’s what I need, and she’s there to yell at me for being a moron when I so often am one.
He’s not a character devoid of controversy – but I would expect that kind of thing to be RetConned out of any filmic incarnation. It’s okay for Tony Stark to have some alcohol intake problems if they serve the plot – but nobody really wants to see the next “Iron Man” play like an indirect sequel to “Leaving Las Vegas“, do they? And I kind of doubt that Marvel are going to spend any of those “Avengers” takings on shooting a film where the lead character beats up his significant heroine other.
But the good news is that I didn’t just throw in the towel. And I’m slowly getting back to a (slightly less than) normal level of activity, so that’s good. A long hike yesterday rewarded me with a loon (never seen one of those here before) calling on the pond, a handful of varioous warblers, bluebirds, catbirds, brown thrashers, a gnatcatcher and all the usual suspects (finches, robins, red-winged blackbirds, jays, hawks, herons, egrets, swallows, sparrows and so on).
In a journal entry dated June 25 1945 he says:
Third Doctor Season 8
Gnashing.
This book was simply made of win. It's amazeballs to see the characters from the ID start to relate to the MI series. If you love the Mortal Instruments but aren't sure about starting this series, do it. I promise you, you won't regret it. My excessive capitalized words should indicate just how mind-blowing this book is!
Oh yeah, and Mom, I have pictures from Old Fort Bliss, but they're on my camera. And it's 12:30am on Sunday morning, and I should probably go to bed. But I'll try and get them on for tomorrows post. I'll try :)
I want you to touch me, talk to me, love me… me… as your one and only life companion, your one and only love for life. I want to know this, I want to know you, all of you, now. I do not want to waste anymore time. Life is too short. I hope one day you will not want to waste anymore time either, and you will come to me.. and no matter what… how old I am, how lost I am, how found I am… with wrinkles and divots that time grows into my skin…. that you will love me, hold me and share all you are, have been & will be with me. I want to embrace all of you, the imperfect human that you are, as my human – my man.
But I never hurt anybody and I don’t intend to
And let's not forget the fateful conversation which let to all the current tomfoolery at CBS.
But the stunner, and the best song on the year's best album, is "Daydreaming", whose chord progressions hint that this is the kid from Big Star's "Thirteen", a few years older, still lovesick and longing, looking for someone to "be an outlaw for my love". Simply gorgeous.
Also leaked, via a fan site, is Kid Cudi’s contribution, “The Ruler and the Killer.” Cudi is the only hip hop artist on the largely rustic and bluegrass influenced soundtrack. This is one of Cudi’s more rock-influenced songs, however, and it seems ambiguously suited to a darker moment in the story, expressing the feeling of being actively in battle.
I do not claim to know what my future holds beyond the doorway. In the real world, the world as I have come to know it, I exist as a mundane teenager, potentially a mental case, but in Nous I am the potential savior of a dying world, the avatar of a creative, benevolent power. Both have their destinies contrary to one another as they might be, but in the end I am still me. I am both Canaan and Baphomet. I am I. Even if I must go it on my own.
Fiona - Tizduster
No matter which season it is, there are always edible parts available on the cattail plant. The roots, shoots, and pollen heads can all be eaten. In the spring to early summer green cattails are very flavorful and can be eaten much like asparagus. The top and bottom portion of the plant are very fibrous at this time and can be steamed and eaten like corn on the cob. As the top portion begins to blossom producing yellow pollen you can shake it into a bag and utilize the pollen as filler in flour or stews. By pealing the leaves you will find the “heart”, a white, tender section about 2-3 ft. below the “tail”. The heart is tender and less fibrous and can be cut up into a salad, baked or boiled. In winter the roots work well as a potato substitute.
Boudewijn de Groot Verdronken vlinder NL
We normally expect an increase in roadblocks at holiday times, but this announcement takes the concept a whole yard further – longer traffic queues, lots more vehicles, lots more flashing lights, uniformed SAP officers strutting their stuff, pulling you over and interrogating you and your passengers, perhaps demanding fingerprints, certainly demanding ID books or proof of ID. Several groups of people dressed in civilian clothes in the background tapping your ID number into laptops. People searching your vehicle and rummaging around in your possessions. Scary. Especially at night. In the rain. If you are a woman alone.
Creator of all, reached out to me
In comparison to the previous divas mentioned, Miley Cyrus has the potential for true greatness as she has attached herself to a world-wide movement that advocates not just for humanitarianism and charity but for political and social empowerment. There is one kind of love that people have for celebrities that contribute toward charity and embrace the status quo, there is quite another sort of love that the people have for celebrities who are willing to challenge the status quo and put their own reputations of the line for the cause of the poor and the working classes.
First, I’ll give you a recap. My 2011 goal was to run a 5K every month. That proved a little harder that I originally thought not because of the distance, but because of the distance I would need to travel in order to find a 5K every month. What started as an attainable goal ended up as way more than I dreamed I could ever do. I was not athletic as a child, a young adult or as an adult thus far. I knew trying to do this was a big stretch, but I made it my new passion.
Using 50 years of official data from Chile’s National Institute of Statistics (1957-2007), the authors looked at factors likely to affect maternal mortality, such as years of education, per capita income, total fertility rate, birth order, clean water supply, sanitary sewer, and childbirth delivery by skilled attendants. They also analyse the effect of historical educational and maternal health policies, including legislation that has prohibited abortion in Chile since 1989, on maternal mortality.
captain chaos
An offer that cannot be refused. Best value for your money whether you are in Chicago or Indianapolis TGIF has your back.
<U+FF65>MEDIAS
I think at times I forget how close Ash and Puck once were. We see peeks into this past in other books, but here we get a taste of how much they once enjoyed working together. Best Friends in the fullest sense. These boys had fun! They pulled pranks, they fought, and hunted, and fell for the same girl (again and again apparently, lol). It’s just so sad to think that they lost that…
In addition to the new casino, fall groundbreaking ceremonies were cancelled for a six story, 200 room hotel; restaurant; 32,000 square foot special events center; truck stop and other amenities.
I remove my headphones and talk back.
Its the end of November already and our last palette before our Christmas Spirit Inspiration begins. You will want to keep your eye out....we will have regular posts on the The Color Room showing you all kinds of Christmas projects our Designers and members have to share! But for this week we will think about this palette....a nice boys palette! Cant wait to see what you can create with these colours!
These are their tactics of gaining support through lying and making members of their community believe them through the propaganda they so actively spread. This is starting to sound more and more like a certain violent doctrine I know of. It’s very easy for us to gather our members in each division around the country and attack members of any community. We are part of a grass-roots movement so large and strong, anything is within our capabilities. There is nothing out there that can match our strength. But we chose not to go down this route. The police are not at our demonstrations to protect us. They are there to make sure no harm comes to our counter protesters. But one promise I can make is that if any of our members are attacked like this again, we will act.
Raimi reaches into his horror routes-especially in the hospital scene where Doc Ock’s arms violently come to life. It is intense and pretty scary.
House Speaker John Boehner was scheduled to deliver the Republican response after Obama speaks.
At least I really try not to be.
c. Slang for Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles
Judging from the sales we’ve seen going down at apartment gallery openings to checklists full of red in established galleries, it could be said that even Chicago is feeling the art boom at least somewhat. Part of that boom is the practice of doing open studios at graduate programs. So if you are a gallerist, collector, curator of otherwise, get over to the School of the Art Institute Friday evening to tour the spaces.
Prepare the cream by whipping it until there are soft peaks. Then gently spoon and spread evenly over the trifle.
48) I thought Christopher Eccleston was pretty good as the Doctor. I don't much care for David Tennant as the Doctor. The Spouse Sparrow says I'm not allowed an opinion, as I'm a bloody Yank.
To participate in this GO GREEN challenge please be sure to leave the DIRECT LINK to your challenge submission via Mister Linky. All submissions must be new as of 3/1/10 and be linked up by the due date 3/14/10. Also be sure to mention C.S.D. & WILD OLIVE KIDS in your blog postings so we know we are looking at the correct submission.
-Restaurant discount
It’s not very funny
Now the day is over, I can sit down and smile, thinking about how well the day went. Here are some photos we took at the fair to share with you…
This is the third example of blatant violence -- and yes, terrorizing a young boy is violence -- by administration supporters since last summer. (While other incidents have occurred, going back to the Black Panthers menacing voters in Philly, these are the most blatantly violent.) The first was the case of Kenneth Gladney, who in St. Louis on August 6 last year was selling buttons and flags (identified as Gadsden flags, with the rattler and "Don't Tread on Me" slogan, one of the minor ironies of the incident) outside a town hall meeting being held by Democrat Congressman Russ Carnahan. The SEIU, ubiquitous at Democratic events these days, showed up to confront Gladney and demanded to know what "kind of shit" he was selling, along with calling him a nigger. (This from another black, which of course makes it okay.) Gladney's answers were evidently unsatisfactory, and he was then beaten, knocked down, and stomped on, suffering injuries that required hospital treatment. (The purple shirts were identified from video footage. All of them pleaded not guilty this past April 20 -- justice moves frighteningly fast in Missouri.)
I just wanted to drop in really quickly this monday morning to say a HUGE thank you to everyone who made the launch of the first JSP workshop such a success. We sold 3/4 of the seats in 2 days and sold out completely in a week! My jaw nearly fell on the floor in surprise when I realized the class might actually be full! Thank thank you thank you for not letting me hang out alone in Singapore! :) I'm so excited to be teaching next year and I really hope those of you on the other end of the syllabus will soak in much fruit from the workshop.
As she starts to dance and move we see Salome transforming into her alter self, enhanced by music, pace and fashion. Exuding female power and raw sexuality. As the momentum builds we see her transition into an alternate universe of surreal heightened energy, where her audience manifest as surreal objects and succumb to the dark powers of her triumphant, twisted and exotic dance.
RPG’s are one of my passions, although I profess I don’t play anymore. It’s hard to find a group that matches my age that needs another player. Mostly, I end up on MORG’s or digging up Diablo 2 (or Angband) to get my RPG kicks these days.
Aside from that..
73. The Shining (Jack Nicholson)
The equipment you’ll need to start mulling your own paint: A muller and mulling slab (usually a tile of glass, but it could be stone as well); a paint spatula; and a rough material for roughening the glass surface of the slab. Maybe a gripping material like a cabinet liner, so the slab doesn’t slide all over the place while you’re mulling. Oh: and pigment and binder. How could I forget!
Me: Okay...
The papers are Prima Sunkissed.
by Margaret Bednar, Art Happens 365, May 1, 2012
This is something that one of the iconic figures of the Seventies, Buckminster Fuller, never quite grasped. For me, Fuller is what another iconic Seventies figure called a worthy opponent; his writings constantly force me to reexamine my own ideas, because they grate on my nerves so reliably. Partly that’s a function of Fuller’s insouciant assurance that technology inevitably one-ups everything else in the cosmos – Theodore Roszak’s apt gibe, “I would not be surprised to hear (Fuller) announce someday that he had invented a better tree,” comes to mind – and partly it’s his insistence that the universe had to make the kind of sense he wanted it to make – this is a man, remember, who spent much of his life insisting that pi couldn’t really be an irrational number – but the issue that comes to mind right now is his consistent preference for efficiency at the cost of resilience.
This was one of my particular favorite quotes from BYU Women's Conference. I guess you could say that it speaks to my spirit. That sentence was so corny it almost hurt me to type, although it is true.
Is history repeating itself here?!!
The dining room was adorned with a few flourishes.
A positive sunbeam smiling here
These beers are revered. I knew of them within about five minutes of entering the beer world.
Ayrton Senna sadly died at the young age of 34 in a crash at the San Marino Grand Prix on May 1, 1994; coming off the track and hitting a concrete wall at Tamburello corner.
Gen Y folk are, in a broad-general-sweeping-way, without dependents to look after. Financial burdens are at an all-time low. If you don’t know what you’re passionate about and are scared to start a career because you’re worried you might make the wrong choice.. what better time to make the wrong choice than now, when you’re.. well.. FREE? That way, you figure out what works and what doesn’t early on so that you can move forward sooner.
Fasten off, and weave in ends.
Size: 16 x 20 inches
I end today wishing a very Happy Mother's day to all the women out their who are currently raising their children; the women that are currently pregnant with their children; and especially to those out their that are still striving and searching for their own path to motherhood.
"Yes," the doctor answered, "I'm absolutely sure. She has no uterus. Nothing, at all. And it looks to have been done quite a while back. I'd like to know why this was done - does she have a history of cancer?"
We understand how Rep. Manny Pacquiao got his 1.3 billion pesos in net worth for 2011, thus, making him the richest among Philippine politicians.
I was in a 2nd car accident, minor, that increased the pain and so went my blood pressure!
Peace, harmony, love, and increased happiness.
Therasense (now Abbott) obtained a patent from the USPTO after a 13-year prosecution history, where the application was repeatedly rejected over a prior Abbott patent. At one point, Abbott submitted new claims in the application along with a declaration arguing distinctions between the new claims and the features disclosed the prior patent. The tactic worked, and the application was allowed.
Not only that but Lips Touch was wait for it... $30.00. Seriously. Thirty. As in 3x $10. Hello most expensive book I've ever bought. Ever. You are lucky you're pretty and have beautiful illustrations AND you were written by an incredible author...
It's been quite a while since I've done a giveaway and I do believe y'all deserve one!!
There was just one guy who I decided to meet up with earlier this summer. We had been messaging for a while, and he seemed pretty cool. When we met up, though, it turned out to be really awkward and he had offended me a few times. He also lied and admitted to having a drinking problem (I sure know how to pick the winners..). Long story short, I didn’t talk to him after that.
I love it that age has enabled me to give up most of my idolization of women. I love it that Peggy stayed with me during all the years before this was true.
making its way around orange tree
Yesterday morning, we finished up our coloring books about the parable of the prodigal son. As the last crayon strokes were being applied, I asked Beanie and Bugaboo what they thought made the father in the story so happy. Both of them replied the father had thought his younger son was dead, but when he showed up alive, he was so happy he threw a huge party to celebrate. Their wee brows furrowed as I explained to them the father was certainly relieved to see his younger son safely home, but his real joy was in the young man’s loving repentance, and realization that his pursuit of all earthly delights had led him to ruin. The father, I went on to explain, was wild with joy that his son had returned with a wish to work hard and live uprightly.
It erases the tragedy I’ve seen.
I'm a popper.
We come together now
10. Along the Delaware River, from Washington Crossing State Park on PA Rt. 32/Rt. 611 to Easton, PA. It's great to do this scenic and historic drive on a foliage-lit fall afternoon, have dinner and a couple excellent beers in Easton, and then return at night with a full moon reflecting off the river. Beautiful.
lessons learned
PSALM 130:3-4 NIV
Back tracking slightly, as well as messing around with the HST's, I've also been finding heaps of tutorials, one of them being the D9P Variation, which you can find here and the pics of the ones that Polly made with my fabric (whilst I was busy making some D9P's of my own!) are shown below. Sometimes, well usually, Polly usually brings her own projects with her (she lives next door so it's handy to have a crafty neighbour hey? lol) but when she doesn't and she's starting to look like she's going to spontaneously combust if I don't put her to work, I of course have to oblige! That night was one of those times muhahahaha, well she does call me the Evil One!
when do you start to believe? when do we lose our faith in something?
No matter how nervous I might have gotten before a performance, never was I as terrified or intimidated as I am sending out e-mails to my favorite authors asking them to read my work. I agonize over every word when I send out my request worried that I have gushed too much or haven’t been glowing enough about their work. More often than not I assumed the writer I am querying won’t have the time to read my stuff. I mean, we all have deadlines. Big name writers have BIG deadlines. They don’t have lots of time to spend on reading other people’s manuscripts.
Enjoy these morsels, my lovers. This summer is gonna be all-time, let's start here. Where life exists.....the music.
I have had the honor of designing for Sketches4All. I love the warm community, the great gallery, contests, and challenges our members offer. It is always a joy to share my life and my work there!
Today, I would like to share Greek Salad I made. This is also something my mother-in-law made for me.
12. Emanuelle's theme (01:53)
My aunt has bird feeders in her yard, and this is the first year the the bunnies have been at it.
-After the compote has cooled, pour through a fine sieve to get rid of the excess liquid.
The best thing about online is because we could discover a variety of products online that we’d never have had use of prior to now. Indeed, could you foretell which we could buy these types of distinctive items as stroke sneakers and Pack rat shoes at the click on of a switch? There are many other alternatives for shoes overly and web-based, we could compare costs and valuable quickly.
Head Circumference: 14 in (17%)
Iron Stylus: The forums are asking for some sort of response.
And for that matter, would Harriet Harman, assiduously promoting her equality agenda as the General Election nears, wish to discuss gender issues with a man who, when charged with rape in 2005, protested in court that the alleged victim was wearing an extremely short skirt.
If you feel a hand, guiding you along when the path seems wrong, it will be me. –Brother Bear 2
Article 116
Elizabeth Margaret or Em as she prefers to be called was pretty bland. She complained about how controlling her parents were but she didn't seem willing to give up her cushy life to pursue something else; the idea never even occurred to her until she visits her aunt. I did like her sister but since sis stays home, there wasn't very much of her. The other characters are cartoonish caricatures in the case of the grandmother and parents, so much so that they didn't seem like real people or just on the quirky side in the case of Em's aunt Tilly. There is also a romantic interest who was not to my taste. None of them received sufficient development in my opinion; I can't care about a character who is just flat.
As we enter the season of Lent, according to Joel 2:12
That now hallowed ground I had once walked on, eyes up where the twin towers held up the sky, was raw like a vulture’s leftover meal — the vulture that had zipped into it from the same sky.
Ben's brother had to do the makeup exams for the Bac, and the results were posted online this morning, and he passed! Except now you can't see the results. So hopefully it wasn't a computer error and they posted everyone passed and then took it down when they realized what happened! But he did really well in the English makeup and only needed about one point in Math to pass, so I think he probably did. Still, we stressed the poor boy quite a bit waking him up early to tell him we saw his name only to have it taken down a few minutes later!
Because of these earrings is beautiful, that dress looks interesting. These objects are not only in the interest of women, children experienced has also become a fan of these earrings, which are more and more funny.
subsequent record has marked somewhat of a shift in sound and atmosphere (some
You may be wondering what has all of a sudden spurred me into this lifestyle change. You may not but tough tits for you because you get to find out anyway.
Happy New Year to you! May 2012 bring you peace and happiness.
I went to the bank today with Ashley.
Suzuki commented with great willingness “I’d like to be of good service and do my best in practice to understand my character.”
3) Write crisp, clear, uncomplicated sentences
The gangs, per court records, carried out crimes of all sorts, everything from murder and drug dealing to gun possession and racketeering.
- Everyone in Rome wears puffa jackets. Everyone. Some of the men wear discreet navy options, and some wear terrifying PVC abominations with shiny jeans. Some of the girls wear short casual versions, and others wear snow-bunny style knee-length fitted puffa coats. Inflation is alive and well in Roma. If I lived in Rome, I would not succumb to this trend. I will never clad myself in balloons.
I suppose it’s best if I don’t answer the Netflix question because it’s not available in Guyana and I just get by on information I read. I will say, though, that even though I understand the entire hubbub that followed the price increase and the structural changes that the consumers were being a bit ridiculous because considering how accessible the company has made watching film and TV shows I
Hadar
When Anderson first told a group of reporters at Cannes in 2000 that he wanted to make his next film with Sandler, he was reportedly laughed at. No serious director would make a formulaic movie with a Hollywood star whose fortune was made playing the King of juvenile humor. Meanwhile, when Punch-Drunk Love finally debuted in late 2002, both Anderson’s cinephile devotees and Sandler’s legion of fans alike were often completely bewildered by a movie that was utterly unlike either Boogie Nights or Magnolia, not to mention—on the other extreme—such bona fide box-office hits as Happy Gilmore, Billy Madison or The Wedding Singer.
What determines whether the US Empire will have a collaborative or conflict-ridden relation with Islam depends on the specific political context. The US allies with Islamists when faced with nationalist, leftist and secular democratic regimes and movements, especially where their optimal choice, a military-neo-liberal alternative is relatively weak. However, faced with a nationalist, anti-colonial Islamist regime (as is the case of the Islamic Republic of Iran), Washington will side with pro-western liberals, dissident Muslim clerics, pliable tribal chiefs, separatist ethnic minorities and pro-Western generals.”
I am NO expert when it comes to free motion quilting. I took a great class taught by Deborah Louie. She is amazing. She taught us some great techniques and got us thinking outside the square of stippling and trying something new.
They are complete opposites, and they fit PERFECTLY together. I mean, you know, sometimes, perfection is perfection. AND THEY ARE PERFECTION.
Furthering my quixotic "FilmQuest 2012" - a mission to fill the vast, unforgivable gaps in my knowledge of film - is Roman Polanski's 1974 neo-noir classic 'Chinatown'. When I selected my arbitrary roster of 30 films I made it a rule to name no more than one by any given director, meaning that 'Repulsion', 'Cul-de-sac' and 'Rosemary's Baby' will have to wait for a future list. It's fair to say Polanski encapsulates one of those embarrassing cinema blind spots that prompted the list in the first place.
I'm still plugging away on my next QOV. I've made good progress, but can't count it out until the top is finished. I've got my fingers crossed that I can count it next week! The pattern is Fourth of July by Bonnie Hunter. It is my favorite type of quilt pattern: easy to piece, but gorgeous!
Which I THOUGHT was the idea of calling false starts! Not to eliminate individuals but to ensure that no one athlete gets an unfair advantage. As I've said on more than one occasion this rule has simply become punitive in nature and is nothing about the races themselves any more. I watched Usain Bolt commit a false start in a race last summer, I can only imagine what will happen if he does so again with the current rule in effect!
Now it is time for our latest challenge and today which is a Recipe Challenge. Your recipe is Dry embossing and bling!
Father-of-two Mr De, who took over the restaurant in September last year, was inspired to create the monster meal after watching US television show Man v Food.
Pieces are neat, stream lined, structured and sharp to the eye. Flashes of bold colour, most popularly bright berry shades, are blended down with neutrals.
"I still don't know who is going to...."
In a series of startling admissions that followed the initial declaration, it came to light that almost all data supporting the theory that the atmosphere was warming and that humans were responsible were affected by similar errors.
By introducing a legal ‘drug limit’ the Government is essentially trying to do away with the requirement for the police to demonstrate ‘impairment’. In order for this to work any ‘drug limit’ would have to correspond with the likely limit that would be exceeded following recent drug use.There is no point testing for a drug which someone might or might not have taken several days or weeks ago. This is unlikely to have any impact on their driving and to be prosecuted on the basis of ‘historic’ drug abuse would be inherently unfair.
available to a low to moderate-income person by each approved business. Please provide
in Houston (southeast TX-area): Contact 713.296.6211 & beffwiffam@gmail.com & beth.reidwitham@apachecorp.com to rescue/foster/adopt two loving, young Pit Bull-mixes (one with a head wound & one with treatable mange). “I will transport them from their location to foster / rescue / adopter. … in terrible shape but both VERY loving! They would come & rest their little heads in my hand while I pet them! … I will bring them to whomever can foster them until we can find them permanent homes. I am willing to help considerably with the vetting costs to get them back in tip-top shape!
We believe in people coming together and enjoying themselves; taking time out from the daily routines that rein their lives; Stella is always there to offer them a free pass to a care free time, a delightful experience and enjoyment with every sip. Stella is all about "Good friends and Good time"
Card Stock: White, Pretty in Pink, Bashful Blue, Twitterpated DSP
There’s something about home and human that cannot be separated– all humans seek home. And when that’s no longer possible? Read on– I asked my master, and he answered in verse:
Sir James's eyes blaze with hate as he draws his revolver. He demands these "proofs." The other man refuses, and Sir James fires. Drake crumples to the floor, a bloody wound in his temple.
FarmSlut lost her virginity either close to, or closely after her 15th birthday. She told me that she had slept with two guys already (and I don’t think many 16 year old girls lied about their number in 2004), and I knew she wanted to do it with me. Believe it or not, I was the one putting it off–something that was also influenced by her having sex with her ex that summer. Another story for (maybe, but doubt it) another time.
with an antler uncovered by dumpster-diving kids and a sunshiny yellow iron rest.
Simpson became one of the most influential Populist leaders, thanks in part to his extraordinary wit and talent for cagey publicity stunts. Running for the U.S. Congress in 1890, Simpson's opponents sarcastically accused the Populist candidate of being a backcountry rube who did not even wear socks. Simpson quickly turned the insult to his advantage, proudly calling himself "Sockless Jerry" or the "Sockless Socrates of the Plains." Simpson's down-home manner and humor won him wide support, and he served in Congress three times during the 1890s. Had he not been Canadian by birth, he would likely have been nominated as the Populist's presidential candidate.
BOSHOFF: Woman raped during brutal farm attack by armed blacks.
Many therapists have made many millions of dollars advising people on how to love themselves more. I am no psychologist, but I think it all starts with something relatively simple - believe that you are worthy of having good things in your life, and give yourself a break. If you do not have love for yourself, it is virtually impossible to give complete and unconditional love to others. Your love for them, while seemingly all-consuming and whole to you, will be difficult for other people to accept as unconditional because they know that you are incapable of loving unconditionally - they see that your own love for yourself carries conditions, and assume that the same is true for them. When it comes to love, actions speak louder than words. You cannot focus on your own "negative" qualities while simultaneously expecting others to think that their negative qualities are okay in your eyes.
1/2 tsp gluten-free baking powder
To: Woodcock, Ray
We are going into the third decade of chemtrail awareness and in all those years I have never had a satisfactory response from any professional corner, (such as pilots, who should or would know, unless they have no idea what they are doing and it was intentionally left out of the training video games) other than patronizing assurance the phenomena is just contrails. Ah, right, okay. One fine afternoon while under seige, we went out to the highest peak in greater socal for sincere study and met some authentic pilots also watching who blew us off as lefty hippies for our concerns as the sky grew white with ball-fringed stripes and rainbow oilys shining through the scribble scrabble of duelling joysticks imitating NASCAR favorites vying for top gun. You can see when its quittin' time by the quit-trail, zigging, zagging, looping and jerking in Mad Mouse roller coaster twists on their way back to the base for a Bud.
So I've decided that for Lent I will post something original every day. (Does this count? No? Drat.) It may not be pretty, but it will be original. So here goes...
Who got an iPhone for her birthday JUST so she can keep up with her fundraising? This sister.
Saint Paul's is like some demented rave, although the soaring majesty of the building is only added to. The bells are ringing out proud and hard drowning out the tribal techno beats.
Winning stories in years past have included heartfelt letters about one moms long infertility battle, her success in finally getting pregnant with twins, and then devastatingly losing her husband who was killed in Iraq WHILE she was pregnant.
so i had to leave the photography to the professionals ...
1: Break your mirror so that you won’t have issues with bad hair days, not looking good in your outfit etc.
Pool Shock: There are several different types of Shock treatments. Before using any of these treatments you should always check with your pool professionals to know which type is best for your pool and spa. Be sure to follow the manufactures instructions. Keep away from eyes as well as avoid direct contact with skin and clothing.
Growth does not come without a price, though. If I’ve learned anything, it’s that you still want to wear good shoes even when you’re walking through the shit and the muck. My outlook on life has remained positive. And there were times I thought I would break. There were times I thought my optimism would falter me and bring more pain than comfort. There were times I flat out thought I should shut down and let every bad feeling take over because it just seemed easier. I almost lost something I hold dear and that is my demeanor. I almost became the thing I despise and that is bitter. But because I was determined to wear heels through the shit, they made me feel better when I walked out the other side and a water hose was waiting for me to clean them off.
The message I want readers to grab is it does not matter how hard or bad your life once was you can overcome it and be the person that God wants you to be.
Advisor: Yes, and terrorism, rape and sexual assault of minors.
The Red Sox are on fire. Their players are on fire. Mike Aviles, the leadoff hitter has 5 home runs. David Ortiz is hitting .405 with 6 hrs and 20 RBI. Ruined against the Yankees, the bullpen had an ERA of 1.06 in the last week. A combination of their 127 runs (most in the MLB), their .281 batting average (2nd), their .474 slugging percentage (2nd), and their improved bullpen, makes them unstoppable for now, at least. As they keep looking to stay over .500 for the rest of the year, this combo will hopefully propel them to the top of baseball.
I will spend 2 fun filled nights with 6 other kiwi friends, then spend 7days with my brother who has adopted Melbourne as his home....
I nipped straight down the hill to the little Spa shop in the village and there on the shelf was just what I needed, a packet of ground hazelnuts.
The cover show the varieties of thought about what a space station would eventually look like. I would love to watch that "von Braun/Bonestell" ship dock from the railing of my space hotel. It was painted by T.E. North (Thomas Edward). He did a number of children's books and covers as described here: http://bearalley.blogspot.com/2009/08/t-e-north.html
PLUSES - A lot of people do not like the "burlap" border of this set, I like it. It has character and is a bit different which is usually a good thing. The back is fairly well put together and pretty easy-to-read.
Does cloud computing got anything to do with it?
“Visitors most frequently reach BrandYourself profiles through Google, but the feature works the same way if visitors reach a user’s profile from another search engine or website.”
At that point it was time to bring it into the garage to start working on its "skin." We used those packing papers (newspaper sheets) and a paper mache mixture to spread the sheets over the wires.
Samuel Smith Old Brewery (Tadcaster) Samuel Smith's Oatmeal Stout
Cardio: My original schedule called for 5 miles, but due to the runs earlier in the week, I decided to change it to 2-3 miles, with no stopping
One of the less obvious health problems associated with mental illness is a reduced ability to keep up good dental care. For me, it happens like this. If I'm not horribly depressed, I make reasonable efforts to brush and floss regularly. But on a really bad day, just getting through the day without doing anything drastic is enough to deal with. On a bad day, if I get to the end of the day and I haven't attempted suicide, I've done well. If I have eaten some real food at some point in the day, that's a bonus. Brushing my teeth just does not come anywhere on my list of priorities. When I'm in that state, I just want so much to die, I really don't believe that I'm going to be alive for much longer. From this perspective, the prevention of tooth decay is pretty irrelevant. So, there are times when I don't brush my teeth, or don't brush them often enough, according to the state of my mental health.
In my humble opinion, this idiot is very subtly inciting violence against BNP members, hence his last paragraph. Also, he obviously hasn't read our manifesto, otherwise he'd understand we are fundamentally a democratic party.
It's Cyndi's turn to pick the "top 3" this week and I'll get those up ASAP, keep checking back!
‘what’s on your agenda today?’ he asked me.
work tonight (this morning) all these years later brought a flood of
It turns out he already had a nicely formatted version. And he gave me permission to share it with you.
In other school news, however....
Dogs do posses emotion but they are not as complex as humans. Dogs sense our emotions, but do not read the negative energy in the true meaning of emotion. A dog will read negative energy (emotions) as a weakness and react accordingly. Dogs rely on their instincts, they will be happy when their instincts are fulfilled and sad when their needs (instincts) are not being met, or if they are ill. Dog’s respond to the moment they don’t sit and worry about the past nor have complex thinking for the future. A dog will not sit at home when the owner is away planning revenge that the owner has left them their alone, but a dog will take the opportunity to get into mischief and have some fun. Dogs are opportunists and just reacting in the moment.
"Great. Can I suggest a big raise." I smile as sweetly as I can manage
And because there is so much of it, it is actually hard to concentrate on finishing one thing before starting on another. I have seven books on the go at the moment. How does anyone get anything done in this world with so much distraction?
The same is said about Pakistan, that it survived despite all odds and especially our “Islamic bomb” is considered god’s biggest “miracle”. How meaningless it sounds when we study the status of national integrity and the deep mess we are in. Indeed the history tells us is that it’s all rhetoric – plain rhetoric.
For the "L" I used various ribbons, lace, flowers, and bling that I had in my stash. The banner is three layers, the scallop 5" , the regular 5", and then a smaller cut of the regular 3" -- all from Birthday Bash. The "L" is the shadow and regular script cut from the Elegant Cake cartridge. I stamped the background of my regular pennant cut with Tim Holtz's script stamp, and then embossed it with white embossing powder. The flowers are from Making Memories and Recollections. The bling is from Kaisercraft, and the ribbons and pearls are from Offray and the $1 collection at JoAnn Fabrics. The small heart charm on the L was a gift (it says made with love).
KUALA LUMPUR: One of the country’s most wanted terror suspects who is allegedly involved in recruiting university students for Jemaah Islamiah (JI) has been detained under the Internal Security Act.
First Campaigner Challenge
NYU contends that the W-2 form and the emails between Fleurimond and several NYU employees conclusively establish that Fleurimond developed Orion while she was an NYU employee, acting within the scope of her employment. However, in the Court's view, these documents may not be considered on a Rule 12(c) motion for judgment on the pleadings. These documents were neither referenced in Fleurimond's complaint, nor relied upon in drafting the complaint. It is equally clear that they are not documents of which the Court may take judicial notice.
OK, back to the same old same old, with hopefully not another month between updates!
Happy Friday!!
I know I have mentioned in the past, that Lloyd and Melissa get a huge ass tax return every year, thanks in the most part to EIC. They use it mostly to wipe their asses with, but they do actually try to do a few repairs on their home, or van, or whatever they've been living with that's been broken half the year. Sometimes they are forced to replace something expensive, like an entirely new (to them) vehicle, and for 3 years they had to pay off braces (because even broke ass bitches need straight fucking teeth, who cares what you're going to fucking EAT with those perfect teeth, but that's beside the point). This year, they had been planning to do 3 somewhat expensive things - replace their bedroom window which was leaking, pay off the bed they bought on credit, and repair their chimney. That chimney repair was the most expensive but had to be done as it was causing serious damage to their ceilings from water damage. And they did get it done.
La Fermette de Chloe et Gabriel
Dark clouds came from somewhere,
Also residing in Collinwood Manor are Elizabeth’s ne’er-do-well brother, Roger Collins, (Jonny Lee Miller); her rebellious teenage daughter Carolyn Stoddard (Chloë Grace Moretz); and Roger’s precocious 10-year-old son, David Collins (Gully McGrath). The longsuffering caretaker of Collinwood is Willie Loomis (Jackie Earle Haley), and new to the Collins’ employ is David’s nanny, Victoria Winters (Bella Heathcote), who is, mysteriously, the mirror image of Barnabas’ one true love, Josette.
Now I’m not saying that I wouldn’t love for Thom to believe in Jesus. After all, I love Jesus and care about Thom – I’d be crazy not to want that. But I don’t hang out with Thom for that sole purpose. I hang out with Thom, Jayson, Pam and Cheri because they are lovely people with unique talents and I genuinely enjoy their company. They make me a better writer, a better artist and a better person.
Blowfish is a lucky man. None of us know how forever is measured, however if there's an afterlife. I'm hoping you get to pick your age. Myself I'm going for mid thirties the returned from the mirror wasn't too bad then.
The newer models pictured above on the right, had a slimmer cut and less wind noise and Pertex has moved on a bit, what with the Quantum fabric, so that hot wash gave me shopping options. What new windshirt to buy?
And she gives herself away
***If you would like to know more, there is a set of tools, and a pathway, that the Archangels have set up to assist us in engaging and directing this Shift. All are available right now (many of them free of charge) on the Mastering Alchemy website.
To run across the road and fields instead.
And so Legs & Co are in a mock ring in singlets and shorts - with their names on the right cheek! Surely meant for single use, those - with boxing gloves on. It's another Flick Colby literalism triumph. And it is a triumph, partly because it's not complex dresses and moving round in circles again, but because while no sparring move or comedy punched face - aye aye, Lulu - is left spare it's lovingly worked out. And let's face it, where thrown punches are involved the timing has to be pretty good. Eventually Lulu knocks everyone out in turn - Rosie sells it best, but Patti's side grin to camera immediately before being KO'd is a winner - then celebrates before turning to find Gill waiting with a decisive right 'ander. As everyone gets back up and boogies to an unsatisfactory general climax the camera shot pulling away reveals that of all the people gathered around Kid, young, old, male, female, the only one watching the routine is a bald middle aged man. Ah, walking cliche.
The hours rolled by slowly. Mile after mile, the scenery stayed exactly the same; dust, rocks, and sun. Death had swept across the land and consumed everything, but they were still here, still alive, lost, but still moving on. Maybe someday things would change, but for now, all they can do is move on. Rel rested his arm against the door, and his head against his palm.
Would of taken a photo of my youngest son but he was not in a happy mood, so it was me.
with an intention – “Look at that three-legged cat”;
rising from the pan
Headlights - Morning Parade
It was a song, and I didn’t necessarily know how i came to this conclusion but it worked. I suppose the surreal aspect of it managed to take my mind of the sexual enjoyment enough to mute the orgasm so to say. And I would just sing it to myself in my head for hours and hours and hours.
I believe that “less” actually is “more” so strongly that if you don’t anticipate discovering your spouse has been leading a double life, is heading to prison and that the U.S. Marshalls are going to help you “clean out” and “declutter” your life of “things” in the very near future, I highly recommend you do it on your own— although perhaps not to the extent my life was “decluttered”! (lol)
My version:$20, a lot of time, and so much more meaningful!
- 1 double dot chipboard alpha pack
‘You know you’re borderline when people can’t recognise you by your hairstyle/dress sense because it changes so often you look like a different person every day.’ (Sharon Howard)
Butter- 1 tablespoon
Neely sees me rushed...worrying about the car behind us.
Looking For Alaska or just Alaska, is written from the perspective of Miles Halter (more affectionately known as Pudge), a teenager fascinated by famous last words, one in particular that leads him to leave his home in Florida and attend boarding school in Alabama, in search of the Great Perhaps.
Alex: What is your strategy for raising the money?
Our favorites were two go-big-or-go-home rings, “honkers,” as former QVC host Kathy Levine would call them. First, there was a 24 carat smokey quartz ring, which was enormous. And then there was a 12.6-carat crystal quartz ring that Loren said was exactly modeled after a real diamond — yes, I said diamond — ring that her husband gave her to replace her original CZ wedding ring.
We became members as an early birthday present to the kids (and because after two visits the membership pays for itself, and you get free parking- but don't tell them that). It's a fabulous zoo. In the words of JP, "Wow, you almost don't feel bad for the animals." The Bear was initially wary of a few exhibits, but she warmed up quickly.
How do you feel about these two cases? Do you think Mike is just as culpable in Case A as he is in Case B? If you do then you are accepting (subject to defeaters) that attempt liability is a legitimate idea. But in doing so you open up the door to some problems. Chief among them being the problem of distinguishing an attempt from a non-attempt.
Yarrow is well known for its wound healing capabilities, particularly in staunching the flow of blood. The herb is considered a vulnerary and hemostatic with antiseptic and antibacterial properties. The astringent action of the leaf, when inserted into a nostril, may stop a nosebleed.
You know what i made tonight? My "Wonderful" Cauliflower Cheese & Noodles. And I say "Wonderful" because I messed it up! I messed up my own darn recipe! lol how sad... I wasted a ton of food because I did it wrong. I know what happened though. I used the wrong "Cheese" .. I bought a new kind of vegan cheese to try & it didn't work out very well. I will be buying some new ingredients today to make it tonight & I will be posting a picture of the cheese I use on the recipe page so there is no confusion.
Ok then. I’d rather you stay safe and unhurt, but if that’s what your really want, you have my permission to risk your life so that you can live it and risk hurt so that you can find pleasure. Because there is good stuff out there too, fun, friends, pleasure, adventure, learning and all kinds of interesting things. Live it up! If that’s what you like., but please do be just a little careful?
“No… I said that the UN should intervene there.”
3) Philadelphia 76ers (23-17) @ New York Knicks (18-21), Sunday/11 am, NBATV
Dumped and spread 11 truckloads of top soil the front yard..
in Germany - Friday @ Midnight
There are many ways to cook potatoes. One of my favorite is soya sauce potato.
Haagen Dazs ‘Five’ Vanilla Bean ice cream
In Hyatt v. Kappos, the applicant filed a mammoth application in 1995 ultimately containing 238 pages, 40 drawings, and 117 claims. The application claimed priority to a chain of applications dating back to 1975.
I’ll post a picture of my first attempt later – it’s funny lookin. but has potential.
3/4 cup (3 ounces) grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese
Wild! Shelly Manne plays odd percussion behind Jack Marshall's jazzy guitar, and the two of them run through an odd bunch of tracks that will stretch the dynamic range of your stereo. More "hi fi" than jazz, but with a firm jazz base -- even though there's odd bits like shoeboxes, whistling, and handclaps. Cuts include "The Girls of Sao Paulo", "The Rain in Spain", and "Choros".
We pick up after ourselves with machines,
Burden and Atlantic Yards
I don’t expect any thinking, rational person to believe in me because I am aware that too many things about me just don’t add up. That’s why faith is key. Faith makes the ridiculous sensible, the impossible plausible, and the most evil deeds beneficial as part of my master plan. So, don’t question, don’t think, don’t analyze, don’t read widely. Just have faith and believe in ME.
That means she misses out on being another Arachnid. She’s a conventional Aries. Strong, creative and powerful. Interestingly, in the Chinese zodiac this constellation is the white tiger. A good Tai Chi sign.
We’re going to jump in and start building a model for forces soon, but we’ll need a common vocabulary in order to be able to talk about forces. It’s pretty clear from our various definitions that we could easily get confused about what we’re saying to each other if we don’t agree on some common terms first. So I’m going to give you 4 (or sometimes 5… just depending on how it goes) common forces. It will be just enough to get us started, but there are certainly other types of forces which you’ll identify when they come up (and we’ll have plenty of extra space in the table to make new entries when the time is right).
OAKLEY UNITED 10 (Baylie 9 59 Shaw 15 76 Woodfine 33 41 49 84 C Davies 83 Pooke 86)
This isn’t coincidence people. This is God at work, answering the prayers of the faithful. We have the power to influence the direction this war takes by the power of our prayers. That being said, I ask you to pray for increased stability in Afghanistan. I ask you to pray for a successful withdrawal of our troops. I ask you to pray for the military men and women you may know, and pray that God makes their burden of service light. I ask that you pray for their safe return to their families and friends here in the States.
In an opinion written by Senior Circuit Judge S. Jay Plager, the majority rejected Mayer’s position. Plager noted that the dissent’s approach would require courts to consider eligibility in practically all cases. Although standards for eligibility are “manageable” for some technologies, he noted, attempts to define what constitutes an abstract idea “have been less successful.” He observed:
Darlings, we have a little announcement to make:
Ericson A, Källén B, Meirik O, Westerholm P. Gastrointestinal atresia and maternal occupation during pregnancy. J Occup Med 1982; 24: 515-518.
So lately with my new workout regimine (everyday religiously) I have been making far better food choices and dropping pounds.
Before you I stand,
INNOVATIVE PRESENTATION OF ANCIENT INDIAN HERITAGE
Tickets have been getting snapped up for this year's
Marvin Gaye: Ain't That Peculiar
Lamarr and Antheil worked on the idea for several months and then, in December 1940, sent a description of it to the National Inventors Council, which had been launched with much fanfare earlier in the year as a gatherer of novel ideas and inventions from the general public. Its chairman was Charles F. Kettering, the research director of General Motors. Over its lifetime, which lasted until 1974, the council collected more than 625,000 suggestions, few of which ever reached the patent stage. But according to Antheil, Kettering himself suggested that he and Lamarr develop their idea to the point of being patentable. With the help of an electrical engineering professor from the California Institute of Technology they ironed out its bugs, and the patent was granted on August 11, 1942. It specified that a high-altitude observation plane could steer the torpedo from above.
Step 5 -Glazing and Baking (finally!)-
We came across this downed lamp post in Brooklyn's Columbus Park near the Supreme Court building yesterday. According to the Brooklyn Eagle, a delivery truck related to the construction at 360 Adams Street knocked it down -- and the driver tried to flee the scene.
1110 **D-IV/21/1991. “Montesquieu, Liberty, and the American Constitution.” Works of the Mind Lecture Series, The Basic Program, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1992(2), pp. 490-508.)
Stand out by learning how to create a branding foundation and foot print that you can work off of to bring more awareness, connections, networking and sales to you, regardless of what you do.
Magnify the Lord! I’m not going to get into the questions that might be popping into your head. Questions that would like to discredit this scripture by looking at the current state of the world. Sin is the root of all evil. Sin looks out for itself and leaves a path of destruction behind. We can see this destruction everywhere we look. We see a world that is quickly deteriorating because it will not yield to the original plan of a giving God; a God who has the best interest of His children.
We must have the faith to radiate God’s love to all whom we see. We must ahve that faith even when we may not feel like it.
Wherever you pass by, your charms spill all over
After the electrology session, I stopped in on my way home to the Home Depot to pick up some lumber and material for a home renovation project I was doing. I was wearing my blue jeans, a gray sweatshirt and my guy sneakers and I was not sporting any makeup whatsoever.
If there’s one thing I’ve learnt though, it’s that all the images you see in the media are ridiculous. You know the type; the celebrities that have had a baby two weeks previously and are back in the gym, or in a bikini on the beach being idolised for returning to a size zero so quickly. It’s dangerous, damaging, and completely unnatural.
Preheat the oven to 200°C and butter your baking tin. Separate the eggs and whisk the whites with a pinch of salt until it forms stiff peaks. In another bowl mix the egg yolks and sugar until pale and fluffy (with a handheld mixer for about 5 min) and add the butter. Sift the flour, cocoa and baking powder and add to the mixture. When the dough gets too thick add the rum and milk. Now gently fold in the stiff egg whites. Bake for around 30-40 minutes. Rotate the tin after half the baking time so it will bake evenly. If it gets too dark on the top cover it up with baking paper for the last 15 minutes. Let cool and cut into 3 layers. Place the sponge layers in the fridge for about 10-15 minutes before you assemble the cake. Cook the custard according to packet instructions and leave to cool. To make the butter cream the butter until pale and fluffy, add the sifted icing sugar, mix some more, then add the cold custard and cinnamon powder. Spread an even amount of the icing between the layers, stack the cake and apply a thin layer on the the outside. Place in the fridge to chill before you apply the rest of the icing layer. Brush the malt balls with the gold dust and place on the the top and sides of the cake.
Spin Kick 2004 Hollywood Movie Watch Online Full Movie
In this self-inflicted cocoon
Common names used for ashwagandha include: Winter Cherry, Withania somnifera (Latin botanical name), and Indian Ginseng to name a few.
6) You can’t be sisters! That’s not fair to the rest of the family trees to have 2 peices of fruit as beautiful as you. +
What is Mike’s favorite body part of Ashley’s?
And two more scraggly looking Rhode Island Reds that are as cockeyed crazy as my originals but should be a nice addition to our flock that now numbers 16.
And naked boobs, and flowers too.
I would sit on your lap on the piano bench and you would play and sing to me.
Here is a picture of it totally open laying flat so you can see better the full design:
ANONIEM. Patient safety alert. Health care workers may imperil patients by snubbing influenza vaccinations. Hosp Case Manag 2006; 14 (Suppl.): 1-2.
Day after day Joe has been crawling around on the shed roof amongst the mulberry leaves, searching for any sign of new growth. It is one thing seeing your grown man climb a mulberry tree, it is altogether another thing to hear a grown man sobbing in a mulberry tree. Oh well, our mulberry tarts and smoothies for the challenge will simply have to be struck off the menu. On the upside, it means that we wont be able to make any mulberry wine this season. Shucks!
After Cheri’s fascination with Alex Jay dwindled, she set her sights on Greg Harris Honeycutt. Greg was a handsome young man who all the girls chased. He was tall and muscular, played on the football and the baseball team. He had his choice of any of the girls in school. Most of the time Cheri would simply invite her, latest conquest, to her apartment. Most of the boys in her class had been in her apartment, and in her. All of them, that is, except for Greg Honeycutt. From the head of Loathsome Creek, he didn’t come to town much. The only time he was in Poverty was for school activities and ball games. Cheri knew that her plan for seducing Greg would have to take place while school was in session.
Well, the next 6 months or so we'd cross paths here and there. Trying to have a conversation with this guy was hard! There was no reason for him not to like me. I was determined to make him talk to me, but everytime I'd talk, he'd turn around and walk away. Well screw it. I didn't like him anyway! Turns out he kinda thought I was a bitch. Hahaha. He still liked me, but thought I was a bitch. Quite honestly, I am.
1 egg beaten with 2 tablespoons water or milk, for egg wash
ES: You know, I’m not really sure where it came from. It just happened I guess. That’s what everyone’s called me for the last couple of years.
Subtitles…you are explaining too much already.
El Barbudo couldn’t be with us tonight, so he sent us a photo of his pubic hair… or it might even be his beard. Not sure… What do you think Doc?
Their golden goblets magically were filled
I picked him up this afternoon, almost unable to pick him from the line-up of little boys. One thing a uniform does is make a person blend in, right? When he spotted me, waiting to collect him, he beamed. Suddenly he stood out like a beacon.
Padre Quadrupani observes: “The attraction of the feelings towards the object presented by the imagination is at times so strong that the will seems to have been carried away and overcome by a sort of fascination. This, however, is not the case. The will suffered, but did not consent; it was attacked and wounded, but not conquered. This state of things coincides with what St. Paul says of the revolt of the flesh against the spirit and of their unceasing warfare. The soul, indeed, experiences strange sensations, but as she does not consent to them, she passes through the ordeal unsullied, just as substances coated with oil may be immersed in water without absorbing a single drop of it.”
-Make sure your stamp and spoon do not move when you are hammering. Notice the letters on my spoon are a little "smeared". That is because the stamp and/or spoon moved when I was stamping it.
Well, as Kinky Friedman famously said, "I support gay marriage. I believe they have a right to be as miserable as the rest of us."
We also watched “Where the Heart is”. It was a PERFECT example, of how we can start our lives one way, but it does NOT DEFINE who we are, or what kind of happiness we deserve. We were able to use how she must have felt when she was abandoned on the Wal-Mart, pregnant with nothing. How afraid she must have been….How she did deserve a good man, and even how the result of her friend, not always choosing the best men hurt her and her children, and that cycle. Not there is abuse in this movie, underage sexual over tones…but with good consequences, a young man picks up a 14 year old girl..and he goes to jail…VERY candid conversation opportunities…but pre-screen, if you are concerned.
3. I hate continental cuisine.
Solid as iron.
We would like to take this opportunity to wish you all a Very Hapy New Year :-)
At least two of the three 'anarchists' had records of prior arrests in other states, sources said.
building, ultimately reducing it to rubble (and annihilating
Don’t try to be paying extra on other items, contributing to retirement, saving for college. You end up not doing any one thing well.
+ Os Mutantes - Os Mutantes - 1968
Roadette Song
The book isn't scary, though it is creepy. My favorite chapters were also my least (if that makes any sense at all)--when Jake (George) spends a few months in the small town of Derry, Maine. King paints the portrait of a dark town full of secrets and tragedy, and it haunted me well after the section was over. Still, creepy* as it was, it was also my favorite part because it felt so real. That's where I personally saw King's brilliance on full display.
They are post-advertising agencies. They have no interest in the art, no passion for the craft.
Almost immediately, die Volk sang the ZAR national anthem Kent gij dat volk vol heldemoed, followed by the Die lied van jong Suid Afrika.
1158 **D-III/25(B)/1993. “Lessons from Plutarch: What the Framers of the United States Constitution Took for Granted in the Training of the American People.” The Wayne Quinlan Lecture, The School of Law, Oklahoma City University, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. Chaired by Robert H. Henry, Dean of the School of Law. (Incorporated in Item C-1995(4), above, pp. 44-69. See, also, ibid., pp. 1-15.)
I’m not waiting for a better place
In my journey to find the latest and greatest products I have also stumbled into a bunch that I wasn’t a fan of. Nothing annoys me more than when a company advertises a product and claims that it will do various things and it ends up not being able to live up to its hype. These following products I have had for about 2 months, plenty of time for me to fall in love (or in this case hate) with them.
Iraqi Kurds, a gregarious, hospitable and extremely lovable people, have much to be proud of.
I'm crushed. That's what happens when you wait. )c:
MANILA, Philippines – Beginning today, GMA 7 airs Playful Kiss, the Koreanovela that gained 520,000 hits on YouTube two days after its first episode was published online. It replaces Temptation of Wife.
I'm a summer girl.
I have placed limits on reassessment to keep me sane and to prevent students from waiting until the end of the term. Students must give me 48 hours notice so I have time to put together a reassessment. Learning objectives from each chapter are broken into two groups and students can only assess on one set each day. Students can only reassess on Mondays, Tuesday s, or Fridays. Finally, a student must reassess within three weeks of the previous assessment on a particular set of learning objectives. If they fail in that attempt, they can reassess again as long as it is within the next three weeks. The goal of this last limit is to prevent students from waiting until the last few weeks of the term to churn through all learning objectives.
Synonyms: obscure, private, secret, hidden, inner, mysterious, mystical, mystic, occult, arcane, cryptic, inscrutable, abstruse, recondite, cabbalistic (notice the similarity to our A term: arcane)
Benefits and features:- Clinically proven to reduce colic
I’m looking for the words to say
Peel and slice 3 onions into thin crescents, then cook very slowly over low heat in a frying pan with a good splash of oil, a knob of butter and a sprinkle of salt. It is the slow cooking (about 30 mins) that creates golden sweet onions, and gives your gravy flavour & colour.
The white mat was sponged with ink. The sentiment was stamped on the kraft cardstock mat and layered on Martha Stewart Deco Fans edger punch. To finish off, the pearls were embellished.
Hope you like it and are inspired to create! Please check out the challenge and play along with us over at Create with Connie and Mary.
“The touch of her hands
In her response to Mordecai Esther points out how that she has not been called to come in to the king FOR thirty days? Is that correct? No! Esther does not say ‘for’ thirty days; but rather “these thirty days”. “These” is a demonstrative pronoun pointing to something in particular. What is Esther pointing to, or referring to? Esther is referring to the topic she and Mordecai have been discussing, the horrible law that all the Jews must die. Esther is explaining to Mordecai that she has not had any opportunity to go in and see the king during the entire period in which this law has been given. From the 13th day of the 1st month, until now, 30 days later, Esther has not been called in to the king. Perhaps you are wondering why this is significant for us to know? The reason is that this information now helps us to date the conversation between Esther and Mordecai. At the point Esther makes this statement and has it sent to Mordecai through her servant, it is 30 days after the law was first given. This would mean that they were discussing these things on the 13th day of the 2nd month (note: a spread sheet of Ahasuerus’ 12th year is available and we hope to have it posted on ebiblefellowship.com shortly).
1) It was pink. I am a man-child, and being seen with a fuchsia colored laptop is not exactly "manly." My current laptop is jet black, like my heart.
It seems, though, that our homegrown liberals will never come around to seeing the importance of the Second Amendment, and our natural right to self-defense; to the liberal, guns=bad. No argument will persuade them otherwise. Likewise with many of our cousins across the Atlantic who consider us barbaric and backward to even want our Second Amendment rights. If the rest of the world could vote on it, they would vote to disarm us and feel quite virtuous about doing it.
Giant Dwarf was invited to the Oscars this year by Tracy Paul. The gals & I won't be traveling to Los Angeles for the award show, but 50 pieces from the Starlette Collection will be distributed to celebrities & stylists. Each sparkly piece was handmade & packaged in a Cotton Baglette with a dapper bunny, sporting nothing other than a black bow tie.
It was made with cream cheese and it was cold....
post a comment that you are = 1 entry
Are they a family or related? I’ll leave that up to whoever lives with them but I’ve just called them the Owlers after a group of beloved friends.
An answer from the farthest point is arriving soon
While Steam beer is considered a specialty microbrew style of beer today, it was originally a cheap beer made for blue collar workers. Wahl & Heinus's American Handy Book of Brewing and Malting (1902) describes California steam beer as "a very clear, refreshing drink much consumed by the laboring classes." And while Anchor Steam is an all barley malt beer, additives were often used in the earlier days. According to the book, "malt alone, malt and grits,or raw cereals of any kind, and sugars, especially glucose, employed in the kettle to the extent of 33%... Roasted malt or sugar coloring is used to give the favorite amber color of Munich beer."
I flaked a flint to a cutting edge
I'll deal.
Cut out a scalloped circle aperture through the card front.....
“Isis and who?”
I don’t think any studies have been done to confirm this, but anecdotally it seems more and more people are becoming aware of nonduality throughout the world and since technology is making access to the teaching easier, this awareness will continue to grow.
This morning when I was flipping through the pages in my bible the Lord brought me to this verse:
At lunch the following day, our clients take us out to “a really good place” for lunch. It’s a bar. Complete with cigarette stench. I have a chicken sandwich. Meh.
Justin grew up playing sports and even now plays in a basketball league. My best friend played college basketball. Her husband was a basketball manager for a college team.
Packaging is one of the most difficult stages of moving. It is skillful task and just an expert, trained and experienced person can handle Cheap guild wars 2 gold the task. You need to pack every single item associated with house. But do not obtain afraid you’ll accomplish the task easily. You can study the actual packing tricks to load up household items. Here are some tips to bring along goods for moving effortlessly:
As episode 4 progressed, we got to see a bit more of Martin and Saga. One of the things I like about European crime drama is how unchoreographed and inexpert-looking the action sequences are. The confrontation with the balaclavaed baddy in Episode 4 was typically bumbly and shambling, with both our protagonists taking a beating. Martin definitely took the brunt of it, though, with that kick (ruptured testicles – yuck!). Saga’s confusion about the guilt she felt over Martin’s injury was oddly touching.
Hans de Booy Alle vrouwen NL
Even if I’m not always with him 100% on policy, I had forgotten how nice it feels to have a full-time Governor.
- there's not THAT much cat hair on this shirt, I can still wear it again
“And that tenant implies so much more, does it not?” Lakosha asked. “It asks us to protect the weak. It asks us to look after children who are left without parents, to protect them from the harshness of the world. To go out and find trouble, and then right those wrongs, to protect the innocent in the world from getting into more harm.”
Every 10 mins or so, Sylvester would nudge my arm, notifying me that another plane was coming in. I could see headlights through the spotty night clouds. Planes from Jamaica and Great Brittian would fly low into my line of sight, and land somewhere behind us.
The challenge this week on the Latenightstampers group is Easter projects. Any thing for Easter. I am one of those people who almost always makes Christian Easter cards--after all it is the celebration of Jesus rising from the dead! But I had a chance to play with this adorable Everybunny stamp set (thanks Paula). It has the cutest images and it was really fun to work with. I might actually need to buy it now! I only used two of the images and they are all darling. I mixed it with the Everyday Enchantment Designer Paper from the SAB catalog--these colors are wonderful together!
I had a few doubts about the surgery, but I’m glad we did go through with hit. The Dr. said that there was a significant lesion beneath the nail, and if we’d let it go, it probably would’ve become infected at some point. From what I understand, foot infections are really horrible to get rid of, so for the few hours of craziness we faced today, we’ll save Anna lots of grief later. I’m glad we went this route even if it means my child will be without a big toe nail for a while. Thankfully, it’s winter, so no one will ever know!
Other stuff happened, then they killed a primordial who blew up, instantly slaying the heroes in an apocalypse of divine chaos energy. Read about it below:
The Warden Service also runs on food. The Wardens fish, trap hunt and then prepare their catch. They even do all of the cooking and serving at their annual dinner.
No longer afraid – a real warning to the Umno-BN
Update (1/21/09): So far so good, he came out of surgery in pretty good shape, he has at least one other he has to go through in about a month or so from now. Hopefully soon he can be running around getting into things and driving his parents nuts, since that is what 2 year olds are supposed to be doing! Thank you to everyone who kept this little guy in your thoughts and prayers.
It is happening to me as of now.
Brodsky said that, because he lumped the cost of the $3.5 billion #7 line extension into the costs for West Side development, he calculated some $4 billion in public support.
I exercise to avoid feeling irritable._____ I exercise despite recurring physical problems._____
Tufty the Cat
Sony has been left behind by a world that’s changed its relationship with technology.
to the world. (Long story-short) some weirdo in
From the crashing waves appeared a figure, large and shaggy. It skulked out of the ocean, unaffected by the power and force of the waves surging around it. At first it was hard to make out. Even with the sky so light up, the distance between the house and the shore made it hard to make out the finer details but once it cleared the water and padded up onto the beach Maria could clearly see what it was. It was a wolf, but nothing like any wolf she had ever seen in her picture books or heard of in the stories her mother and father would tell her. This wolf was much larger and its fur was shiny white. It was soaked with sea water and the light from the moon shown all across it making it seem as if it were glowing. The wolf stood there on the shore just beyond the water for a long while, looking out into the island with its back still turned from the sea. It suddenly reared its head and gave out a howl that seemed to echo out into the night, farther even that the sound of the waves. It drowned out all other sounds and, for a time, was the only thing to be heard. This startled Maria, causing her to jump back, less from fear and more because of the sheer intensity of the sound.
I mentioned a giveaway recently. This is a very exciting one. I have joined forces with my main supplier of silver clay and the woman who taught me how to make things from it, the lovely Juliet of Spoilt Rotten Beads.
Sting defeated Flair with a Scorpion Deathlock. Hogan and Immortal came out to try to distract Stinger, while Hogan gave Flair some brass knuckles, but it didn’t work because of a slow count, and Sting received his second wind. Mr. Anderson came out to help Sting and send Immortal back. Abyss was the only one not involved, and he walked back.
ON LEAVE.
I could fix my mind on my mission. I could write a list of plans and ideas that would be worthy to achieve. Yet I've discovered a better way.
The real world has been feeling it. And not for the nicer.
I really enjoyed this book, this book is not like all the other books on this subject, Meberg uses her own life as examples to times she has wanted more and has only found peace in God. This book is challenging and causes you to refocus your energy and realize what you are truly craving, not things of this world but only what God can provide.
It was also a nice way of doing this because everybody I love is now a part of this tattoo. My dearest friends and family members have all pitched in via Christmas gifts for this tattoo, so it’s like they are all a part of it. It makes me feel good, and I will think about them all every time I look in the mirror.
KATAGIRI S, OHIZUMI A, HOMMA M. An outbreak of type C influenza in a children's home. J Infect Dis 1983; 148: 51-56.
Carly and Sam are fishing. In Carly’s coffee table.
Beware of your thoughts and what you nurture in yourself. Your thoughts and actions will turn out to be who you are.
Britain’s Anthony Browne writes in The Retreat of Reason of how the Politically Correct are more intolerant of dissent than traditional liberals or conservatives, since Liberals of earlier times “accepted unorthodoxy as normal. Indeed the right to differ was a datum of classical liberalism. The Politically Correct do not give that right a high priority. It distresses their programmed minds. Those who do not conform should be ignored, silenced or vilified. There is a kind of soft totalitarianism about Political Correctness.” “Because the politically correct believe they are not just on the side of right, but of virtue, it follows that those they are opposed to are not just wrong, but malign. In the PC mind, the pursuit of virtue entitles them to curtail the malign views of those they disagree with.” “People who transgress politically correct beliefs are seen not just as wrong, to be debated with, but evil, to be condemned, silenced and spurned.” “The rise of political correctness represents an assault on both reason and liberal democracy.” Browne defines Political Correctness as “an ideology that classifies certain groups of people as victims in need of protection from criticism, and which makes believers feel that no dissent should be tolerated.” He also warns that “Good intentions pave the road to hell. The world is not short of good intentions, but it is too often short of good reasoning.”
½ t. salt
We moved on with our lives. Found girlfriends or got married.
She was at the groomer getting a haircut!!
Our sons were paired up to spar together and I heard the sensei call out Jack's last name. Same as Andy's. I hadn't thought of him in forever, but my brain made the connection anyway. I asked, "Is there an Andrew in your family?"
But when the welfare spigot is turned off, expect the conflict to intensify and become more brutal. Cities teeming with large immigrant groups — whose families may lose their customary means of support — could become predators on the surrounding areas.
At the same hospital, researcher Dr. Ranjip Singh is experimenting with a device that can erase traumatic memories.
Remember that this model is based on a smallish book with low comparable printing costs, and I’ve assumed that YouWriteOn is going to price the books fairly, and not ramp up those undefined “printing costs”. A legitimately self-published book has a much better chance of getting into the bookshops than those which go through the YouWriteOn scheme, because of the problems with discounts that I outlined in my post yesterday. And very few self-published books sell as many as 75 copies, without these obstacles in their way.
Paper: (Lush Pink Damask Paper) My Mind's Eye, (Very Vanilla) Stampin' Up!, pink cardstock. Punches: (Scalloped Border Punch, corner rounder) Stampin' Up!.
Local council candidates have been fighting to the wire ahead of tomorrow’s election, with the Tories sounding more confident of taking a seat off Labour whilst only losing one to them, and Labour appearing confident of gaining at least five seats, one from the Lib Dems and four from the Tories.
Picture: This was taken by community member Cornél van Heerden of Pierre van Byleveld, Pretoria -- showing one of the guns used by the armed hijackers of a mom’s car outside a nursery school in a Pretoria suburb on April 7 2009. The suspect gunman’s body lies about 2m away from the gun he used while he was being chased by police and dozens of members of the community-policing forum.
Give space when going downhill
FRANK: We can't, Horatio. It seems that we've been put to pasture. They've cancelled us, Horatio.
Here are the winning entries again for your viewing pleasure:
The Kingdom Guild is working on a fantastic wall hanging project! I know many of you have already volunteered to help with the Princess' gown, but I hope there are still some embroiderers left to help with the wallhangin! it is already halfway done, but some of our Principality's groups still need volunteers! Please look at the list and contact either myself or Racaire if you wish to volunteer!
Angry shouts of agreement started.
"Running at higher intensities causes you to burn a lower percentage of fat calories in favor of carbs, but you use more total calories. And that's the key to losing weight. Plus, since you torch more total calories, the absolute amount of fat burned actually increases, too. So it pays to pick up the pace.
For example, we all know people who hate Brussels sprouts. But the dislike is likely all about a sensitivity to bitterness caused by chemicals called glucosinolates. To counter this, the trick is to break up the center of the sprouts by cutting them in half and then, to leach out the chemicals, to cook them in a lot of well-salted water. Forget steaming, forget roasting, the chemicals must be drawn out of the core. A great source of chemistry lessons like this is On Food and Cooking: The Science and Lore of the Kitchen by Harold McGee who also writes a blog called Curious Cook.
High in the church tower the bell tolls out the hours: One... Two... Three... Nine O'Clock. An owl hoots in accompaniement: a warning to small creatures to lie low, stay close to their nests. As we may assume most human inhabitants of the village are staying close to theirs. The telly of course; the lives of most of them nowadays will revolve around the telly. The Nine O'Clock News. Some others will naturally be in the pub, The Cock Pheasant, but for those individuals, most of them, this will be their normal evening habitat. But one or two are not at home or in the Pheasant.
Just as primary instruction makes the teacher possible, so he renders himself dispensable through schooling at the secondary level. The university teacher is thus no longer a teacher and the student is no longer a pupil. Instead the student conducts research on his own behalf and the professor supervises his research and supports him in it.
There was a theme... its not obvious (much!)
Before we left on the trip, it was agreed that whoever was driving would control the music. Since Cpt. Delta and I used to prank each other a bit, I carefully selected a few cassette tapes that were calculated to irritate him.
- Mick Jagger: chant, choeurs, harmonica sur "Parachute Woman"
3) Defying structure to mine the circumstantial (continue a great conversation and be late to the opening remarks if that’s what makes sense).
In a strange, dim dream of God.
Hansson E, Jansa S, Wande H, Källén B, Östlund E. Pregnancy outcome for women working in laboratories in some of the pharmaceutical industries in Sweden. Scand J Work Environ Health 1980; 6: 131-134.
Ratcheting up its campaign to make online TV and connected TV supplier contribute to network bottlenecks, Korea Telecom is reported to be asking firms and firms, in particular Samsung, to share in revenues they gain from such services.
An episode of Fairly Legal really got to me. It was about women who were best friends and then the one friend moved on and changed and made new friends. The one left behind felt left out and when she confronted her ex friend was told--"I changed and you refused to. You would have been included in my new group if you were willing to change to fit in, but you did not want to".
Then oops! Pressed the wrong button and it was down to ground level instead of up to the cafe.
Emily: Sara, can we talk to you about something?
Assigned to the Atlantic Fleet, Reuben James sailed from Newport, R.I., 30 November 1920 to Zelenika, Yugoslavia, arriving 18 December. During the spring and summer of 1921, she operated in the Adriatic and the Mediterranean out of Zelenika and Gruz, Yugoslavia, assisting refugees and participating in postwar investigations. In October 1921 at Le Havre, she joined Olympia (C-6) at ceremonies marking the return of the Unknown Soldier to the United States. At Danzig, Poland, from 29 October 1921 to 3 February 1922, she assisted the American Relief Administration in its efforts to relieve hunger and misery. After duty in the Mediterranean, she departed Gibraltar 17 July 1922.
I need to exercise more. My bday was 2 months ago so I can't blame anything on the celebrations.
BE SURE TO LEAVE YOUR EMAIL ONCE YOU’VE ENTERED!
The cow had been only three weeks away from her due date, so we quickly attempted a c-section. We didn't have any equipment except for a utility knife, but that would prove to be good enough. My dad made the incisions, our two farmhands and I pulled, and in a matter of minutes we were loading a living, breathing calf into the back of the pickup truck. We got it back to the dairy, cleaned it up, laid it in a bed of hay, and fed it a half-gallon of colostrum milk. By the time we finished working today, it was doing as well as we would expect any newborn calf to be doing.
“Audrey? I’m just checking on you. Audrey, are you there?” She held the phone like a walkie-talkie she’d seen the night before in a late-night rerun of Star Trek. “Yes, I’m here, Scotty. Now either beam me up or quit bothering me.
We search for those pleated sheet of paper made by Redi Shade. It is an American product which used to be distributed by Bunnings. We could not find any in the local Bunnings so we decided to make our own.
As ARMADILLO played out, one has to marvel at how far we've come with being able to experience the truth of war. International forces have been entrenched in Afghanistan for ten years now, so you'd think the concept of embedded journalism would be old hat by now. It isn't - not by a longshot. With ARMADILLO we are watching engagements first-hand, getting that lump in our throat as events happen rather than reacting to the people involved recount them. Part of what makes ARMADILLO stand out is the absence of talking heads - and we don't miss them for a moment.
They rule over the birds of the air and over the fish in the ocean.
Me: Yes that’s me.
Smoked Austrian
So I sulked in my room with the door locked, listening to sad music and munching on chocolate. I was idly staring at the computer screen, feeling like there was nothing to do.
And, my Mom did all the rest - bless her heart. She is one who loves to simplify and this kind of thing definitely doesn't qualify. She must really love me!
I find the trees most beautiful at the beginning of spring, a time when many native other plants are also starting to emerge. Hazelnut flowers and Indian Plum buds can also be spotted this time of year, just to name a few. Alders, at this time are covered in beautiful “ornaments” before any leaves appear. These ornaments, also known as catkins, are the male and female flowers. Male flowers are long reddish spikes and females are dense woody cones. This structure is an evolutionary feature of a tree that is wind pollinated.
Thank you for being a part of my Vintage Home lifestyle. I hope you will keep stopping by...I always love hearing from you.
All in all, it was just a great evening. I'd like to thank Julie, Chloe and the rest of the Tor team for my invite! It was also fab meeting up with various industry/blogging types. While they were all in the same room and to put them absolutely on the spot, I asked a number of them which of the new covers they preferred.
Fuck this shit, I’ve seen what Lindsey has written about herself and I’m buggered if she’s going to get another 10 points all about her. So, here’s 10 things about me. You can blame that Scottish bint for this.
So… I’ve been getting text messages here and there. It’s obvious to me that the reality of the situation is eating at my father. I’ve been getting threatening text messages over the last week.
This is the one I am most excited to read. It's set in 1830 and is about a minister and his wife settling in the Hebrides. Neil is evangelical and hopes to fight the pagan ways of the islanders, whilst Lizzie just wants an adventure. But soon their marriage is in trouble and there are rumours of hauntings on the cliff-tops. This book is supposed to have a Wuthering Heights-esque atmosphere, one of the main reasons I can't wait to read it.
Lucas Hembree & Juno
I made this angel for me
Food cravings: Anything that looks delicious!
My face went blank. “You want a divorce. Why?”
"The inspector said we were white dogs and he told a white policewoman that he would see to it that she was shot dead in a robbery. "Then he cocked his R5 (rifle) in my face and said it was time that we whites packed our bags and f-cked off out of the country."
Reply to Objection #5:
I love when I see lots of options in one genre pop up around the same time. It means that all the competitors have to step up to really grab an audience, and consquently, it’s market share. It’s why I’m thrilled that the MOBA genre is finding new players, and returning old ones, all the time. The communal bar keeps getting raised with each release, and unique ideas or takes on any design is seen and implemented (not always for the better). Refinement and perfection as the grinding stones of competition make each game better.
With faint memories of what we once wanted
01 October Swimmer
12. Nekropolis - Ghul
I ordered the medium size print in "blues".
And shows his creativity
So, how do we decide when to lean in and when to let go? The truth is, there is no perfect system, no one right answer. Every situation is different, and everyone is called differently. Ask God to reveal to you what your role is in your community.
I will be updating soon with new "work in progress" photos of my painting + some newly released images from my 1st Earth Goddess body art photoshoot.
Goose Island Matilda
The trick is the mess that can’t be vacuumed, dusted, or tossed in the nearest trash can. The mess of one’s truth layered with another’s lies. The mess of he said she said that ends with one begging and another bragging.
I wanna, I wanna turn back times
Produced by Thom Monahan (Vetiver, Little Joy) and recorded in various studios between Brooklyn,NY, and Los Angeles, CA, the CD features songs written by all three ladies and has a strong thematic cohesion, as if composed by a singular voice.
Oddly, given the fact that he has now been nominated for a Tony for a supporting role (while Radcliffe was ignored), John Larroquette seemed far less engaged in the piece, speeding through his lines at times as if he were trying to catch a plane, and other times performing on cruise control. When Larroquette "woke up" once or twice in his role as J. B. Biggley, as he did in "Grand Old Ivy," he was quite charming, with both him and Radcliffe performing brilliantly. Unfortunately, director/choeographer Rob Ashford could not leave a good thing alone, bringing a whole chorus of football players to dance along, wiping away one the few enchanting character encounters.
Gracing this occasion were Ningbo Feng Hua Municipal Party Secretary Rong Xuehai, Sinopacific Shipbuilding Group Chairman and CEO Simon Liang, Sinopacific Shipbuilding Group Executive Manager Lin Bo, and representatives from other government departments, the bank, the shipowner, and the ship inspection department.
Mostly, I just say "crap" when I am frustrated. I'm not exactly proud of it, but it's not that bad, right?
NESARA is the most ground breaking reformation to sweep not only this country but our planet in its entire history. The act does away with the Federal Reserve Bank, the IRS, the shadow government, and much more.
Banana Grab Max (Survival Mode) Complete Assistant Grab Affiliated 3 with 140 bananas or more
By faith in the name of Jesus, this man whom you see and know was made strong.
Or, at least, you wouldn’t be able to were it not for the fact that the music video was increasingly in ascendence. In the US MTV would launch in eight months, but of course, the idea of MTV is only possible when its underlying concept is familiar. In the UK the concept existed within Top of the Pops, a program that requires explanation and description in a couple of ways. First of all, its nature. That’s simple enough. It showed quasi-live performances - a combination of live performance and backing tracks - of popular music.
To love learning and to have a desire to know more.
Isaiah Kelsey
Lesson: Spaghetti sauce stains baby clothes worse than adult clothes.
Then he recommended the surgery first thing this morning, Wednesday morning. We could chance it, let it fall off on its own and go on about our business, but he was concerned that if she had any lesions beneath the nail, they could eventually become infected and turn into something much worse than an ugly toenail. I just want to do what’s best for Anna, what will leave her the least psychologically scarred in life.
You bring life to everything I do
“I guess our friendship really was made in heaven,” was her chuckling reply.
The first solution is more complicated than the second. Are you okay with a little hair pulling and some light butt squeezing but not real dirty talk, as in “you like that bitch?” Charlotte from Sex and the City experienced something similar, but since not all my readers will have watched every episode four times, I’ll give you the short version of how to solve the problem. Say what you like and don’t like. Say it in a pouty whiny moany voice. Say it in a stern confident “drawing the line” voice. Say it in a text. Say it over dinner at the hop. Who cares! Just say it, and say it loud enough so your partner can hear. Whispering “wait I don’t like that” qualifies you as uneligible for rape status, or at least puts you in the unclear camp with the drunk girls and mentally ill priests, and you don’t want to be anywhere near there. You want to be the boss of your sex while still letting your man take control (or whatever, you stay ontop the whole time, its your sex). Point is- say it loud, say it proud but there is no fixed formula on how to deliniate your boundaries. In case you were wondering, I personally just say, “nuh-uh, not there” with a sly little smile if a dude tries to cum on my face or I lay out my rules at the beginning of the tryst, pre-any kind of entering of any orifice, so nobody is confused.
BabyE is a cruising. She actually started crawling navy seal style at 7 ½ months, but since 8 ½ months she’s found her fast flight knees and now she is a lightning bolt crawler. Her fast flight knees seem to take her everywhere, especially from the scene of a crime, like after pulling down mommy’s CDs. It’s so amazing to watch her discover her feet, but I’m secretly dreading her first steps. There will be more falls, some bruises (I hope not too many) some running away when mommy calls and even more independence *roll eyes*. Before, I could hold her in my arms and she’s go where I go, without ever complaining; now that she is about to break out on her own, it’s a little bit scary.
Jonathan was pleasantly cute; lean, chinito, tall and really young. Fucker, the energy these kids have, I actually came twice even though I was intoxicated and exhausted.
"What this paper shows is that it certainly can. That is an important public health message, we have to take H5N1 seriously. It doesn't mean it will become a pandemic, but it can," said Peiris, who wrote a commentary accompanying Kawaoka's paper in Nature. _Fox News
The Telemuseum. Just as operas are now transmitted over the air, so picture galleries will be. From the Louvre to you, from the Prado to you, from everywhere to you. You will enjoy the prerogative of selecting pictures that are compatible with your mood or that meet the demands of any special occasion. Through the dials of your Teleset you will share in the ownership of the world’s greatest art treasures.
Guiding me closer to home
Overall a very welcome addition to the London scene and with plans for them to start brewing shortly, another visit cannot be far off.
As chairman of the Committee of Aging and Community Affairs, Barry oversees several District agencies designed to serve as liaisons between the government and minority communities. He created several of the offices when he served as mayor in the 1980s.
SWAIN
All Massachusetts voters need to know, outside of the R or D next to the name, is this: Brown will vote for what he feels is in the best interest of the people, either with the Republican’s or the Democrats, as long as it works for Massachusetts – and he’ll take the flack – on the other hand, Warren will be a rubber stamp for the Obama Administration (should the Obama Administration be given a second shot at the nation). Do we really need more partisanship in Government, no matter how endearingly loopy the woman is?
Consider these questions as you read this week.
Don’t get me wrong, I love digital content. It’s incredibly convenient, reduces clutter and waste, and opens doors to smaller creators who would never have the budget for a large-scale “hard-copy” release. But its slippery slope undeniably leads down into a whirling mass of razor blades. The worst-case scenario is that we’d live in a disc-free world only to find that while we buy all these movies and games (or for that matter, music and books), we don’t own them.
What a perfect combination that is then, for reclusive introverts that seek the most powerful symbol with which to adorn their ordinary, middle-class existences, yet do not have it in us to go through the fullest hardship to achieve it. For one to love death they must be alive. Heavy Metal is a music fundamentally based on this attraction to death. No sub-genre captures the drama (and melodrama) of this than doom/death. The most embarrassing type of metal, how I love it. Well, some of it!
I would also love it if you would follow my store so that you can stay updated on all new units :)
½ tsp of baking powder
Kirby called. He is still employed, but 600 other Blizzard folk are not, as of the 29th, and his shift "yesterday" started late Wednesday night, which is when they found out who stayed and who would leave with a quite-decent severance gift, but sudden unemployment. High security measures during and after the layoffs. Kirby's nearest involvement was telling his team members which should go to one room, and which should go to a different room. Eleven of his team of twenty-some was let go. He said he had survivor's guilt. He was glad to have his job, and he likes it, but the mood was dark, and security was heavy.
Further, the Court requires an explanation from an officer of plaintiff DEUTSCHE BANK as to why, in the middle of our national sub-prime mortgage financial crisis, DEUTSCHE BANK would purchase a non-performing loan from INDYMAC…
The frozen, dried, salted or canned fish must be within the validity period. The frozen fish should be well packed in tightly closed and sealed packaging. Opt for transparent packaging allowing analysis of the product. The meat should not be discolored, stained or spotted. Note that there is no irregular formation of ice that can form by freezing and thawing.
Friday: Out of town
You can see the Great Wall of China from outer space. It is an astonishing piece of work.
LAYERS.
With Dwight Howard ruled out for the entire playoffs, this team has to turn to Ryan Andeson, Glen Davis, Jameer Nelson, and JJ Redick as their primary scorers. There is absolutely no way this team, without Howard can knock off any team here in a 7-game series. And to be quite honest, I don’t think they would be much higher on the list even if Howard were playing.
Kenneth wanted to join in the fight, but he knew that this wasn’t his fight. His lay beyond the borders of human dreams and imagination. Both his and Kayla’s.
2010.08.23 Thailand Pattani 2 4 Two civilians are machine-gunned to death by Muslim insurgents in separate attacks.
The other was served on a chafing dish.
Such an easy and relaxed party, and since most everything was disposable, clean-up was a snap! Although I am glad to have a full year before planning another one. Not to mention I can't bear the thought of her turning 7!!
Cast : Kevin Zegers, Jason Ritter, Taryn Manning, Lukas Haas, Peter Fonda, Lauren Holly, Kelly Lynch, Aimee Teegarden, Eileen Alana, Angelina Aucello, Brooke Bickford, Sugar Blue, Jasin Cadic, Kevin Cannon
The "left" side of the manifold is where it bolts to the cylinder head. It is a very tight fit between the pipe and the nuts that secure it, so I had to file away a bit of meat. I also apparently didn't do a fantastic job welding it in that area, as the crack formed right there.
Al: My master says to soak for ten minutes.
The 20th Connecticut at Gettysburg ~ Cheshire Historical Society, Cheshire, CT ~ April 23
For example, TO DIE FOR covers the ground of people who are driven to be famous because they have no skills for anything else, and honestly believe adoration of strangers will make them better people. What is the difference? Flat out: what Nicole Kidman does to become famous is interesting, funny, and ultimately shocking, while what Jones and Zellweger do is predictable, tedious, and unpleasant. Also, Kidman's character honestly believes in the ridiculous platitudes she espouses, so we laugh at her naievete, but the CHICAGO girls seem to know what they are professing is bullshit, and so how can we invest any interest in it if they can't even believe in their own philosophy?
She is currently represented by Dawn Dowdle of Blue Ridge Literary Agency. Wanita is a writer of Young Adult, Fantasy Fiction and where ever else her little muses take her.
LAREDO
As a note for those who are praying for me, I have a recheck appointment on Tuesday in Michigan. I really would like to be feeling much better by Monday when I head up there. Brandon will be going with me since Scott is traveling in the South on furlough meetings. He may just end up doing most of the driving. Watch out Detroit!
Historical Debt Outstanding – Annual 1950 – 1999 and 2000 – 2010
And while they were sparked by the images before me, many of my sketches pulled from themes I've visited time and again. Like the vase, which reminded me of the sketches I'd made for some beaded vessels with voids back in 2008 while at Penland. Which were originally inspired by a burl wood, turned bowl I saw in an exhibit at the airport while traveling. I look at these sketches, and I can clearly see the burl wood in the textures, though I'd plan to reinterpret it with beads.
2010.08.18 Afghanistan Kandahar 1 0 A suicide bomber takes out an Afghan cop.
Yesterday I realized something. In all of the chaos of last week I forgot to register Tyler for school.
Most mothers are always shopping around to re-decorate and buy new furniture for their house at the best prices. Why not give them the selection and prices they will be happy about. With over 20,000 items in stock, the possibilities are endless.
I am so excited that for the next 3 days I will be a Guest Designer for JustRite Stampers!!! I love their stamps and custom made die templates. I am greatly honored to be their Guest Designer this week.
eta: When I said no help with Em, I didn't mean from S. He is brilliant with her. The trouble is he's a teacher so I can't just ask him to take time off when I'm having a hard time. He's tried to be around as much as possible, but it's difficult. I just meant I don't have that much help outside S.
An hour.
Sprinkle with a tablespoon of plain flour, stirring to cook the flour for a minute or so, then pour in 1 1/2 cups of beef stock (from a carton is fine), turn the heat to medium & stirring, bring to the boil. Simmer for 5 minutes, and check the seasoning, a good grind of pepper is always good here. If it is to thick add a splash of water or stock to thin.
Through the force of our will
Scores of cities across the United States took part in the May Day protests.
Now if I could only get past the first sentence of the speed reading course, I'd be able to read 1000 blogs a day!
Line a 4 1/2 by 8 1/2 inch loaf pan with parchment paper leaving an overhang on each side. Prepare a large bowl of ice water, set aside. In a medium saucepan, combine the coconut milk and the sweetened condensed milk together and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat and cook at a rapid simmer until the mixture starts to thicken, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the salt & lime zest. Place saucepan over the bowl of ice water and stir the mixture until it's cool, about 5 minutes.
things—if not more blindingly
Please note I received samples of the above two products from Enjoy Life Foods to help with this review. However, as I mentioned, I've been a customer of theirs for years. All opinions, thoughts and statements expressed here are our own.
Short of having the President of the United States or Jay Leno deliver the commencement address at your university or college, I would put money on the fact that few graduates can tell you who did give the speech, let alone what they said.
BWH - Stop (Osvaldo Wilson Edit)
First, he knocked off a couple of wants on the 2008 Upper Deck series 1 list...
31-50 images - £4 per image inserted
Diabetic Exchanges: 3 lean meat, 1 fat
Easier said than done I guess. Every day though with practice I seek to get away from the extremes; I need to be better at it.
The ever-changing picture of the Dead and its audiences make it difficult to assess its current run of shows (they tour through Aug. 10, when they will play two, recently announced three-set shows at Jones Beach, N.Y.).
The title might be a little awkwardly punctuated but it tells you all you need to know about the plot, capturing something of the misplaced enthusiasm of the hapless buccaneer protagonists and the real-life (if humorously re-imagined) historical figures of Charles Darwin and his fellows at the Royal Society, under the patronage of a seemingly psychotic Queen Victoria. Better known recently for his tabloid-busting exploits than his movies, Hugh Grant emerges from semi-retirement to voice the prosaically named Pirate Captain, another in Aardman’s long line of loveable-loser heroes.
If you go visit Vietnam, you have to try Pho there, right? I could’ve had Pho everyday. We all loved it!!
I've been very fortunate to find two exceptionally talented women in this field. The first is Amanda Padgett who runs Everyday Elements. She's incredibly savvy at photography and Photo Shop Elements (PSE) and offers online workshops, tutorial videos and so much more. I've taken 2 workshops with her and she's extremely knowledgeable and patient. I cannot recommend her online workshops enough.
And so it was with fire and ice, the studio woodstove too far away from the light to do him any good on a cold winter afternoon, that Larry and I began this work of exploring what it means to grow older, to let the sunshine fall voluptuously on a still-beautiful form, and to spend quiet afternoons together again. No phone, no kids, two fingers of bourbon, the smell of the ether, the two of us—still in love, still at work.
If these slimming aids, or as I like to call it other types of food, are to be given to the chubby chaps and chappesses, what exactly are the recipients going to contribute in this deal?
much support in the changing times. No one will be left out. Be in joy
Spanish: Rosetta Stone, as mentioned above.
There’s a series of encounters with Pertwee’s doctor that are absolutely riveting – The Mind of Evil and the Claws of Axos in particular are brilliantly simple but complex thrillers… but the master always has the advantage over the Doctor that gives way to a fascinating story while the Doctor fights to reel him in. And his return last year with Derek Jacobi and John Simm was just, well, perfect. It was classic Master and bang up to date all at once.
Jacqueline Gardner works as a Story Editor for the production company, Labragirl Pictures. Her love of storytelling began at an early age when she would make up stories with her grandmother before bedtime.
As it almost always does it is going to come down to Ohio, Pennsylvania (you remember the state that voted out Santorum by 18 points…they just love him), Missouri and Iowa. And I wouldn’t be surprised to see Romney’s VP come from one of these states. (While I’m not the biggest fan, looking at this, Governor John Kasich of Ohio is looking like he may have the tactical advantage for the number 2 spot).
Thanks to the pain pills, I have been in a pleasant fog since Monday, but I have the nagging suspicion that the President has been similarly disengaged since the day he took the oath of office.
Hello friends of Our Daily Bread designs! Welcome to the December Release Blog Hop! If you have not had a chance to view the full release, scroll down one post to see it all! What a fantastic assortment of sets Kelley has released yet again this month!!!
I’ve been on a winning streak at goodreads lately. They have a First Reads program, where you can enter to win advance copies of books, or just books that authors/publishers feel need a bit more buzz. After months and months of not winning a thing, I’ve won 9 so far this month. I have no idea whether they’ll be any good, so I’m going to judge them by their covers before they even arrive.
Distinguishing Features: SILVER HAIRS
Does your team have a strategy and plan of execution in place to collect, segment, compare and manage its data?
First of all I must apologise to fellow bloggers if they haven't received a comment from me recently. I have lost count of the number of times I have commented only to see the whole thing disappear and I can't even re-try. Even if I log out and log in again the same thing happens. Blogs which have the double words to prove you aren't a robot also defeat me even though I know I am copying the words correctly. I feel really bad especially when I do so want to leave a comment.
We should develop a sacred space both within us and in our own home environment in which our spiritual experiences, the events in our spiritual life, can be honored, nurtured and cherished. If we have a good vessel, the experiences will come and we will be able to move through them. If our vessel is contaminated or broken, even the best experiences will not be able to really enter into us. If our vessel is prepared, we may experience a deepening peace and bliss without needing more dramatic experiences to keep us on the path.
He had the ring tucked in his sock (because I was often going through his pockets, lol) and when we parked and walked around temple square, we stopped at the reflection pool and I dug in his pockets (see) to get some pennies. We did this quite often, so I didn't care I was in my PJ's with puffy face. Until...
The New Season On BBC1.
xx TP
I knew what I was in for from the get go. When Mr. H. and I met, he was in graduate school studying International Affairs and I was putting a few notches on my belt whilst climbing the corporate ladder. We were both 27 years old. He had lived in various countries in Africa by then and I had managed a few short breaks overseas travelling the Club Med circuit. Our perspectives of the world were markedly different. He had recently returned from the Peace Corp in Africa having taught English and mastering the art of building chicken coops and I was strategising my next move within the arena of corporate politics. More on how we met here.
The patent community can't very well address a problem that it can't understand.
Finally, Jon Rosen told us that he was making a compilation tape of local bands, and he wanted us to be on it. This was hilarious to us, but we realized that we had to shit or get off the pot, as the saying goes. We decided that Jeff would play guitar, Laurie would play bass, I would be the lead singer, and Lenny would be our "spiritual advisor." I wrote the lyrics to two songs, Lenny Lenny and Bulimia Rhapsody, and Jeff enlisted the Seldoms' drummer, the fantastic Cheryl Graham (read her reminiscences of Leif Garrett showing up unexpectedly to her birthday party here), with the promise that it wouldn't be a continuing enterprise. We hurriedly composed the music, but made a point not to practice too much for maximum awfulness. Our friend Lance Kaufman recorded the two songs on his four-track cassette deck, and suddenly we were a "real" band! Sort of!
Two weeks ago, President Aquino fired Deputy Ombudsman Emilio Gonzalez III. Last week, Deputy Ombudsman Mark Jalandoni resigned. These developments have prompted Ombudsman Merceditas Gutierrez to stay saying, “The captain must not abandon a sinking ship.”
Once it was all finished, we sanded the rough places and the spots where there was a little bit of blue and green paint from the lumber yard. As always, we had animal support throughout the whole process. Up until this point here, we planned to paint the boards dark brown. We wanted a dark farmhouse plank floor look. We never imagined when we started that this would be a stainable project.
In this particular case the majority of those eligible to vote (53.4% ) gave their support to a Conservative, a Labour, or a
Thomas O’Brien has a goal to reach 5000 friends and he currently is up to about 1200 please follow the link to his page and show your support of encouragement, send him a friend request.
Raven would have warned her mind-to-mind if it had been a real threat. Whatever was
We met with DOT representatives and representatives from many of our elected officials and Community Board 6 in March of 2010 and issued a list of requests and recommendations. We are heartened by the progress being made on many of the requests. However, our number one priority remains taking every measure to make Columbia Street safer and, in particular taking measures that address the increasingly dangerous stretch of Columbia Street between DeGraw Street and Hamilton Avenue.
The very best part about it is that we have absolute, complete peace about this decision. We can't even come close to affording it, but there are financial aid and fund raising and volunteer opportunities. And sometimes, the Holy Spirit makes things so very plain that it is easy to know that He will take care of the financial side--and so we're trusting Him to do just that!
Makes 2 cups
Tenay and Taz are with Crimson live via satellite. The last time we saw Crimson, Joe attacked Crimson, and he said he had the tournament won, Bobby Roode won the tournament, congrats to him, but if he was in, he would have won.
Ah Christmas Eve, a time of joy and celebration even if you lived in a disco era bomb shelter. After the kids fell asleep in their sleeping bags, visions of canned goods and gold bars dancing in their heads, Brenda put up the artificial tree. Then she hung the unbreakable ornaments, draped the flame-resistant garlands, and broke out hypoallergenic fiberfill snow for under the tree.
Some years later, the seamstress was walking with her husband along the riverbank, and her husband fell into the river and disappeared under the water. When she cried out, the Lord again appeared and asked her, 'Why are you crying?'
12. No one will open a new Beer Pub that caters to Beer Geeks.
The flowers are made with the Daisies #2 die, using 2 of the medium daisies layered together and then I sponged the edges with Cherry Cobbler ink. The flower center is made with the the Floral Fusion Sizzlit Die--2 large and 1 medium sponged with Cherry Cobbler on the edges and offset. The Cherry Cobbler center is punched from the Boho Blossoms punch, wrapped with the new Cherry Cobbler baker's twine from the 2011 Summer Mini Catalog (see side bar).
Everywhere a unlike intend served. Custom silicon bracelets are a way to go.
10:23 PM – The Funkasaurus is in the house! Please, call my Momma!
One brief example is the story of Daniel when he and his friends refused to bow to the golden statue. They were thrown into the fiery furnace a horrible situation redefined by a missional God. When they walked out of the furnace alive they proved to all that their God was much more than a pretty statue but a living God worthy of all worship.
The kids had worked hard over the last four months preparing for this day. Pigs have to weigh between 200-260 pounds to qualify for this fair. Mind you, they can gain 20 pounds a week and lose 10 pounds a day if under stress. It is rather a game to get them to the target weight.
He will not see me stopping here
I make sure to collect a deposit and get a good phone number. Before the three left, I ask the guy to empty his pockets to ensure he didn’t snatch anything else. He had somehow taken my keys, and handed them back. They were all sweaty and icky. It is waaaaaaay past closing time by now. And I know everyone is going to be mad at me for scheduling a high-maintenance thing on an already busy day–when I don’t work. . .
I have received news that as of midnight last night, our area of the country will be directly affected by this rotational strike of Canada Post. I have cringed over and over at the news reports regarding the lack of need for the mail system as the world becomes more and more electronic. I was daydreaming as I drove along the highway the other day about what letter writers would do if the postal system decided to call it quits. I have found these last few weeks frustrating waiting and wondering and holding off. I have had friends who could have used a special card in the mail but I didn't send any. I realize how much I really like the postal system especially today when I opened the mailbox and it was empty. That hasn't happened since last summer. This is such a rare occurrence that I even blogged about it when it happened.
The following are 24 facts that prove that America is a nation of slobs….
Each of the breweries will produce beer with fresh, undried, green hop grown in Kent. A firkin of each beer will be sold at the Canterbury Food Festival and the rest will be distributed to pubs by the brewers.
My cousin’s, he took me out on a sled,
Almost makes up for not having a summer this year.
Victims is the latest installment in Kellerman’s popular mystery series featuring crime-fighting psychologist Alex Delaware and his Police Lieutenant mentor Milo Sturgis. The blurb on the front cover of the book announces: Alex Delaware is The Crime Reader. On the back cover, you are reminded again: Alex Delaware … is The Crime Reader. Further down the page, you are told about The Crime Reader’s case, and then about The Crime Reader’s Files. Urrrgghh!!! Too much Crime Reader nonsense already! This is the second consecutive novel that I’ve noticed all this Crime Reader crap littering the cover, so naturally I’m curious: just what the hell is The Crime Reader? My hunch is that it might be the title of a new CSI-inspired TV series, or perhaps some marketing wanker’s idea of branding. But there is no evidence of a tie-in with a movie or any TV series, and an online check revealed no additional information about what The Crime Reader might be all about. Weird.
Cheryl has been volunteering at the Red Cross in Bridgewater, Nova Scotia since retiring from her teaching career in the mid-nineties. She hasn’t lost her love of education, but now she’s using her hobby to bring awareness about the rich history of the Red Cross and the movement’s founder Henry Dunant.
Another thing I like about this venue is sometimes bands will actually walk around by where they sell merch. Now until I had gone to a show here I had never seen someone walk around a venue like this, only at club shows have I seen that happen. Usually they don’t walk around venues that big because there are more people and there is more of a chance they will be recognized. While club shows are more intimate and people aren’t always as crazy as they are in bigger venues. The first time I met someone there it was MickDeth and James from Eighteen Visions and it took me so long to go up and talk to them because I didn’t think it was possible they were there. Another time I didn’t get to meet him but as we were leaving the venue J Dog from Hollywood Undead was walking through the crowd like it was no big deal. It’s crazy.
Heart Gems from Stash
A student of mine made the observation that it seems, in the Pagan community as a whole, 3rd degree is given when you get to be too much trouble. When it’s easier on everyone to get you to leave than to let you to stay and disrupt the group. Is 3rd degree essentially a pat on the back, a rank of sovereignty, clergy with the traditional rituals and a boot out the door? I had to agree that this is often the most compelling reason for 3rd degree to be given.
While my husband, Kim, has been blogging for nearly 5 years, for me it's an entirely new experience.
And while worrying about what I missed out on months ago, I have been missing the magic of what’s going on right now.
Yes, most nights before getting in to bed I give my feet a quick file. Now let me explain- I have dry feet. Like, really dry feet. My teenage years were spent crying over cracked heels, experimenting with various foot creams and dreading the P.E lessons that took place in bare feet. This is a blessing in that my feet never smell. Like ever. But the ‘sanding down’ that Paul has to endure on a thrice-weekly basis is definitely a curse. In Paul’s own words as he reads this over my shoulder: “I’ve picked a goodun’.”
Can't wait to see what you have to share!
bring it on monday, bring it on.
We go to the outside - it is windy. This should serve as a reminder not to wear a cape when it is windy because said cape will fly over one's head and impede vision when trying to get into a car and thus you will bang your head and think you have given yourself a extradural haematoma.
Bartee filed a petition for writ of certiorari in the Supreme Court on November 23, 2009, but the Supreme Court denied certiorari review on March 22, 2010.
Level 19: Mastery: +48%, Accuracy: +114.
I had a few errands to run today....business to take care of before I start my new job. I took the camera along 'cause I knew I was going to be stopping at McKinley Park and thought I might sneak in a few photos. I forget how lovely Sacramento's Mid-Town is. I forget that although it's NOT San Francisco, it is a CITY and has a little bit of the feel of some of S.F.'s neighborhoods do. I guess if I really wanted to 'move to the city' I could practice in a little place in Mid-Town Sac and see how I adapt. In suburbia things are so EASY and VANILLA. I'm not sure I'm going to be able to convey what I mean.....it's like everything is prepackaged and nothing has any charm or flavor. Yeah, that covers it, sort of. And, in all seriousness, I'm pretty accustomed to easy and vanilla. I might find that not having ready made within spitting distance from my home is something I don't like. But, I still wonder on occasion what it would be like to live the city life. This line of thought comes from spending time in the area hospitals in the last couple of weeks on Mended Little Hearts business. Getting set up as a volunteer at two of the major pediatric heart centers had me downtown 4 days last week. Driving around down there got me thinking about maybe I would find myself needing to be close to one or both of these hospitals. I digress....McKinley Park and the surrounding area was delightful today and I took the time to enjoy it.
using Mr. Linky below!
I have died to sin! I am no longer a slave of sin, but I now live in fellowship with God through our Lord Jesus Christ. Sin no longer rule in my mortal body nor do I obey the desires of my natural self. I shall not surrender any part of myself to sin to be used for wicked purposes. Instead, I give myself to God, as those who have been brought from death to life, and I also surrender my whole being to Him to be used for righteous purposes. Sin is no longer my master, for I do not live under law but under God’s grace! Amen!
Sometimes people may forget what the meaning of a friend. For me, a reason why I don’t want to lose my friend is just I don’t want to be alone. I need a friend to share my happiness and help me to solve my problem. That’s why I’m always afraid when my friend hates me and then leaves me without giving me any reason. Because sometimes, a friend or a best friend can act more than a lover. They can give you more comfort than a lover does.
I've just looked at property prices in UK, and am flabbergasted. France and Belgium have caught up, and even with the unfavourable exchange rate, UK prices are suddenly looking more attractive. For example, for the current value of my apartment here in Brussels, I could buy a 3-bedroom house with garden in somewhere like ... er ... Eastbourne.
This is short novel—would hope to begin talking about it for class 4 or 5, so order it now!
Second, we need real health reform, not the Obama style, but we need health reform that allows her to buy in. And Dr. Paul is right. She ought to get the same tax break whether she buys personally or whether she buys through a economy.
, and the prize is 5 digi images of the winner's choice, how cool is that! The Stamping Boutique have just introduced a one day per week where everything in the store is one buck, so check it out and get a bargain!
Swindon Town have been promoted and will be wanting to win the league in their next fixture at home to Port Vale.
It seems you inwardly grin as you pass
It’s one thing to create a world, cultures, plants, foods . . .
Starting today for two weeks I am the featured artist at the Art Hive as part of their Hand of The Maker series. I had a hard time finding the time to make product but had a blast with these projects. I went with a Fly Away With Me theme - with butterflies, birds, kites and hot air balloons. I have been on a new personal adventure to rediscover who I am (signed up for the Soul Restoration Brave Girls Club and sooo excited!!) and birds/butterflies/kites and hot air balloons mean so much to me as they symbolize freedom - freedom of truth :)
It was a great day. I’m so proud to call this smart, beautiful, little “big” girl my daughter.
of distinctive concoctions and spirits that the 1933 Group has become
A forced march across a desert
with the flicker of one big red candle;
And here's your chance to win an ecopy of the book!
2 tbsp cold unsalted butter cut into pieces
There are 500 days from Lammas this year to the 10-day prelude to solstitial union with galactic center: on 12:12:12 we shall either have completed planetary ascension or we will know our work has been in vain. I prefer to think we shall complete the program — that we as a species are destined to rise to the challenge facing us.
Do you have a kid who always has suggestions how to re-decorate their bedroom or play room? Do they like to pick out their own outfits for school in the morning?
Step 5: Click submit.
Essential to life in balance
Example. ”I’ll never leave you hangin’. Something today is going to lead you to something tomorrow.” What he’s saying is that he uses foreshadowing, isn’t creating tangents, and everything is essential to the story. There are so many others where he goes on for paragraphs about little details that I just couldn’t bring myself to transcribe.
Petitioner filed a petition for certiorari with the Court of Appeals which denied the petition on August 31, 2004. It held that the Ombudsman committed no grave abuse of discretion in its appreciation of the evidence against respondents. Petitioner moved for reconsideration but was denied on February 21, 2005.
DEFINITIONS - Jury Nullification
Here are this week's HOT or COLD sample cards for your inspiration from the new 7 Kids College Fund Design Team. Please extend a warm welcome our newest members.
"The night shift went on last night as usual and managed to provide 99 percent of all the ATMs with money," Westrell told The Associated Press.
And a skull in a trench gazes up open-mouthed at the moon
drawn by some lifeless hand
Francois has never known him and do not ever know him.
If it brings in revenue that the government then spends, it’s a tax, and politicians should start referring to it as such. The Administration in fact projects that these “climate revenues” will become the sixth largest source of federal receipts by 2019, outpaced only by individual and corporate income taxes, payroll taxes for Social Security and Medicare and (barely) excise taxes. We’re supposed to be living in a new era of fiscal honesty, so let’s start with cap and trade.
A young person age 34 non smoker can create say $500,000 of coverage or estate for about $2435 per year using a permanent insurance solution or for just $290 using a Term Solution.
If you're looking for fun places to go to with your family or for a date but can't think of anything, try visiting The Forks. Even though it's winter, they still have a lot going on and have a lot of great places to eat. Seriously, I barely scratched the surface on all the cool places to find food, plus I didn't even talk about the restaurants inside and surrounding the Forks.
Clear Acrylic Pebble Embellishments "Dew Drops"
The woman leaves after awhile, closing me in the crate again. A few hours later, Dad arrives.
The space between us and
BACK HOME
What I also find heartening is that both Brad and Doug both seem to have a good sense of all of this…
If you think about it we can probably attribute the high average unemployment rate as reflective of the rate of advancement in technology and social media. The population in general has lost sight of the importance of actual face to face human interaction; the important of visual gestures and physical touch to our physical and emotional well being. It’s really no wonder why the obesity rate and health care costs are sky high in America and why employers are opting to refrain from offering health care any longer. Employers are not willing to risk hiring older more qualified individuals in long term positions because their cost of care rises higher quicker over the term of their employment than does the cost of a younger persons. But that’s not the only reason older workers are being left out of the re-employment race, we are unfairly seen as no longer coach-able and therefore deemed less valuable without consideration of our experience and qualifications. The result is this we are actively participating in turning a vital corporate asset in human production into a liability ultimately viewing ourselves as expendable.
Right now I am working on graduation ides for Brea's Graduation Party, so far it has been a ton of fun! I made these little party favor hats for the party. I am not exactly sure how many people are going to be here, but I made 30 boxes. I figured that would be plenty. I will show you how to make them soon but right now I need to make an announcement!
YT: “hello hotline” “how you doin’ girl?” “fine thank you” “so I got some terrorist infor…”
Estrada began considering running for mayor of Manila middle of last year. Estrada emphasizes his Manila roots by saying that he was born in Tondo and that his father served as a long-time Manila city engineer. Despite this, Estrada, who served as mayor of San Juan from 1969 to 1986, is still vulnerable to charges of being a carpetbagger.
1st CFL-7 Luke Marks
ISBN13: 9781846059377
And plants that look like octopi
I am also very grateful to the paramedics, San Francisco General Hospital and Trauma Recovery Center, Kaiser Permanente and to the San Francisco Police detectives who all have helped me to recover and feel safer and less anxious about going out when it gets dark. Thank you so much for everything you have done for me.
Sift together the flour, baking powder, and salt, and set aside.
I think I am finally getting close to being over him, but last night I was hit with the ultimate challenge: he told me he has a new girlfriend. I handled it extremely well and I know he was very relieved because only a couple months earlier I had foolishly let him know that I would be devastated when he got a new girlfriend. I think probably even three weeks ago, before I left on my trip, my reaction would’ve been closer to that, but I learned a lot on my trip.
06. Riding At Midnight - 3:20
I haven't posted any recipes or knitting for a while, but I hope to get back on track with things soon.
I am also entering this at:
There are some schools out there still offering cooking classes—often combined with their school gardens–though not many in my part of the world. In Britain, however, after years of campaigning by interested teachers and parents, “cookery” was finally added to the curriculum for 11-14 year olds. Advocates successfully argued that one of the largest barriers to good health is a lack of cooking skills.
In the process Western society's resolve and sense of its own identity had become so undermined that other groups with other even less wholesome aims and agendas began to smell blood in the water, and they in turn began to close in on a weakening prey.
3 studio
I don’t want to go into an analysis of the Seldon decision. I suspect I’ll be writing quite a lot about it in various places in the time to come and talking about it in employment law updates for the rest of the year. I’m going to be throughly fed up with Mr Seldon by the autumn and no doubt my clients will be too. If you’re keen, you can read the whole judgement here and the press summary here. There are also some excellent legal blogs on the decision from Laurie Anstis on Work/Life/Law and Lewis Silkin’s Age Discrimination info as well as a whole host of commentary and debate if you follow the #ukemplaw hashtag on Twitter. All good stuff.
Finally, a thanks to those who commented on my mention that I had a no good, very bad day last Saturday. Some of you may recall that I there was a situation with a friend with whom I was very close, who was having lots of issues during a play we were working on last fall and subsequently left the production. He's said lots of awful things about me, and I've just been trying to be dignified and keep my head up because confronting him would have been pointless. He has some significant problems and somehow I've become the scapegoat for them.
Now wipe it with a baby wipe and your white doilies will be seen clearly over the painted tag.
The PACE Trials have recently been published and demonstrate clearly what is wrong with the present way that vested interests have manipulated the establishment view about myalgic encephalomyelitis (ME/CFS) and forced tens of thousands of patients and their families to live in a continual state where no proper research is sanctioned, good science is denied and where pointless and biased studies are funded by a system which denies human rights.
Till the next post then.
I also noticed that Filipino men are not under the same pressure to become white. Commercials don’t really make them feel like they need to have a rosy white glow or to have a secret beauty transformation. I guess it’s also because men are not under the same pressure to be beautiful. There’s the pressure to go to the gym and get muscles or to use Master sikreto ng mga gwapo, but if we compare that to the pressure to invest in make-up, whitening creams, dresses or skirt and blouse or pants and blouse or tank top and jeans and the like, belts, jewelry, high heeled-shoes, bags, eyebrow plucking, leg waxing, hair-rebonding, weekly manicures and pedicures—it is obvious that the pressure to be beautiful is heavier on women. Some may say that it’s the women who actually like doing this, so no one’s really pressuring women to be beautiful. I disagree. Although it is true that some women are genuinely interested in these things, others don’t want to go through all that hassle, but they hear it from their friends, their own mothers, their aunts that they’ll never have a boyfriend if they don’t do this.
Whoa-Oh!!
The lens plate is made up of a few parts. The lens is encased in a plastic ring, with another plastic ring that screws in place to hold the lens in place. You may want to remove this to clean the lens. The lens is probably supposed to come out, but mine was in pretty tight. The bulb switch just pulls out, but there isn't really any reason to do so.
Walking through St James’ Park, we came across a bit of a commotion on the north side, leading up to Trafalgar Sq… When we took a closer look, it turned out that the road was closed off by Police and there was a pretty sizeable film crew were working there! There were groups of people clustered around big cameras, support staff relaying information down walkie-talkies and massive lighting rigs brightening up the street!
ends in man coverage, although he’s smaller stature could be a disadvantage against some of the bigger tight ends that have entered the league in recent years. One of the more underrated pass rushers in this year’s linebacker class, Terrell finds the open crease in the
So what good is my envy of those within these circles of affection and attention? The only good is that this rotten envy is completely exposed, and when the pain of this exposure compels me to become genuine like these brothers of mine, to live like them, to live in such a way where the natural affection I need flows to me like I am magnetized.
Sarah L. Palin posts have generated such intense interest, a revision was in order. This time the moderator applies the scalpel, making an even deeper incision in a wider radius, in order to insure the cancerous cloud of ignorance surrounding all things Palin is completely removed, w/no chance for it to metastasize. The moderator has “scrubbed up” and is ready to continue operation! This post will provide an outline for those seeking to unravel the mystery and see beyond the “fantasy narrative” of Alaska’s infamous MK’d Kitten “Caribou Barbie.” For a clear understanding of not who, but “what” Sarah Palin & family are, the reader MUST be familiar w/ the origins, organizations and government institutions surrounding MK-Ultra Monarch Program, which created the Palin phenomenon — see MK-Ultra tab on blog header.
The later also used Robert as one of the main characters as a rock heroe in his novel "The Lonely Boys2. Later in 1996 after "Feels like Buzz Aldrin" two vinyl 7" were released - "Thrilla in Manilla/Hoss" and in 1997 "Spy Vs Spy/Theme from the Persuaders". Both singles are now released also on CD alltough in other versions.
The Beer Blokes Gold Medal Beer Dinner will showcase a range of beers designed to delight the experienced drinker while taking the novice on a giddy ride through the wonders of beer. From light, refreshing Pilsner through yeasty and earthy Saison, to malty English Ale and hoppy and punchy American style pale ale before finishing with the richness and depth of a big bold Stout this selection will highlight the flavour range, the aroma differences and the colour variation that beer offers.
I have been motivated by reading the new blog from my friend, Art. He is currently going through a training program for the Monument Avenue 10k. He has some struggles, but he is seeing some amazing improvement and it is inspiring.
Apart from the four shares, they will also receive the following
History & Science:
We were still feeling the buzz from the shots we had earlier, when this statuesque redhead with a pixie cut, hoop earrings, and a black catsuit strutted up to me, and said, "I think you're sexy. I want to take you home and f*ck all night long."
Brown Kraft Cover Weight cardstock
After reviewing music for a number of years, you get to see bands evolve, although this is often with mixed results. Superchief only received a pass mark last time they were reviewed here with their album, “Rock Music”. I wasn’t able to put my finger on exactly why that album didn’t click with me.
15 Life In Tokyo
Almost as soon as we bought it, it was time to tell the builder our interior colors.
Rain-cloud pour through
if you believe in money, who don't you believe in magic
What about medications? It's only a simple pill, or fluid but they are so expensive. Why? How about research and development? Product liability insurance? The cost of dealing with the FDA for years? Attorneys? Lawsuits? It's an expense that has to be paid.
-Recaps of Every SNL Season
An All American National Sport
I press the button
The shortest one-sentence summary I've ever seen is the
On the second day of Mr Coulson’s testimony, Mr Sheridan asked him if the NotW had made payments to Mr Mulcaire and Mr Goodman after their release from prison. Mr Coulson stated that this had happened after he had left the NotW and he had “no knowledge” about any payments.
And so with that important caveat in place, here’s my take of what will be obvious to all on Tuesday morning.
Inspirational Quote: "It matters not what you are thought to be, but what you are."
in the eastern sky
and with all that said, and all judgements aside, i was totally one of 'those' girls today: going to watch sex and the city on opening day with a giant popcorn and a diet pepsi. sometimes it just feels good to embrace the inner woman, eat junk and enjoy some Sex.
The fee requirement under § 1.17(p) for submitting an IDS is proposed to be eliminated. Under the proposed rules, an applicant wishing to submit an IDS after a first Office action on the merits and before the mailing date of a notice of allowability or a notice of allowance under § 1.311 could only do so if applicant meets the certification requirements under § 1.97(e)(1) (that the information was discovered as a result of being cited by a foreign patent office in a counterpart application and is being submitted to the Office within three months of its citation by the foreign patent office), or applicant complies with applicable additional disclosure requirements.
AL LEWIS ‘In The Wake’, neat mix of folk and pop rock helped by the duets with Sarah Howells.
Less litigation, more collaboration.
If you honk, that man up there will move...
Hugs to you all.
M: Sometimes I notice a competition between new currents that allow more ample movements, where the dancers use more space, and those who defend traditional tango with a closed embrace.
Any approach to the recently-published archival text, including comparative, historical, psychoanalytic, feminist, queer, materialist, biographical; Monroe as icon, poet, performer; in celebrity culture, fashion, politics, and film. 300-word abstracts. by 15 March 2011; Zachary Lamm (zlamm@uic.edu).
She's A Leech 2:25
Twice a year in Mount Forest we have this gathering at the old fair grounds called Fur & Feather. It happens the last Sunday in April and the first Sunday in October, where people from all over come and sell absolutely anything and everything to do with critters large and small. And other folks show up and have a look at what’s for sale.
Enough Said !!!!
Thankfully, the Bayou Teche looks a little better now that a budding daredevil’s errant four-wheeler has been fished out six miles down the bayou from the brewery.
There are some good actors in this flick,this was the only reason I ventured any were near it in the first place,Ralph Fiennes(Lead and Director) plays an arsehole who has swallowed William Shakespears whole collection and is regurgitating it throughout most of this film.
and services to assure consumers on the quality of the products that they purchase or that they would consider purchasing. This fundamental function cannot be fulfilled if trade marks are not noticeable, or unavailable, to consumers when selecting a product. The inability to recognize a brand or trade mark on a product would lead to consumer confusion, and therefore diminish the goodwill acquired in that brand through considerable investment and effort over a significant period of time. In fact the inability to call for or recognize a brand also takes away a consumer’s freedom of choice.
And made into a sloppy joe?
It was reported yesterday that we dont spend half as much on
in atzilut….the world of nearness to G’d/intuition soul and body are interincluded and utterly real. each matters, each supports the efforts of the other in growing near to G’d. but spirit abides in “l’olam” (‘forever’), whereas body abides in “ba’olam” (‘the world’), and G’d is G’dself abiding in olam as “helem” (‘hidden’). meditate on how your walk with G’d partakes now of l’olam, now of ba’olam, and even now and then of olam/helem.
Enjoy! Can't wait to hear what you think of Lisa's items!
The researchers caution that the findings don’t mean that climate change will not have an impact on stream temperature, which is a fundamental driver of ecosystem processes in streams. However, the relationship between air temperatures and stream temperatures may be more complex than previously realized and require additional monitoring.
If you have children leaving the house, this is a change. If you are getting married, this is a change. If you have a new job or job loss, this is a change. If you have a new baby, this is a change.
In a speech to teenagers in Cardiff, the Archbishop, 61, warned of a ‘pendulum swinging back’.
This is what often happens with context-validation and interpretational arguments.
We've dubbed our trekking group Team Yeti and I've become quite close with everyone we're hiking with - especially the ladies. Charlie & Jenny are the mom and daughter team from England. We like to go through the Glamour they brought with them and pick out our favorite styles while describing what we look like 'in real life'. Sharon is the only other American in the group and works for herself as a physical therapist. One day after a long and steep downhill hike she worked her magic on my knees and I was fine for the rest of the trek. We all like to give her a hard time for the amount of vitamins she takes every morning. We're all having a good time together.
The net sales decline “primarily reflects challenges in consumer electronics, which are expected to continue in the near-term,” ShopNBC said in a press release.
This is what the world needs. Less rigid grantmaking instutitions thinking about their own impact and working on a 3 year cycle, and more flexible, listening, helper organizations who are able to aid others immediately when the need is obvious.
Also last night, Ky and I hit up some yoga, which we did, again, in the dark.
Apparently, today our beloved doctor asked how we were doing as parents with all that we have to handle. "Do you guys get away at all?" he asked my husband. My husband responded that we are trying to get back to regular date nights but we haven't gone away on an overnight in a while. Doctor Awesome responded by gently encouraging my husband to make it happen, which he was very open to.
PROS: hasn't lost a card game yet, owns lots of land, hasn't killed his horse yet.
I've used Regal Rose, Pear Pizazz and Poppy Parade CS, and some beautiful Stampin' Up! rhinestones to add some bling. The sentiment is from the Hostess set 'Afterthoughts' and the digi image is from Pink Cat Designs. The tiny tags in the bottom right corner feature sentiments from the retired US set 'Little Bit of Everything' and I've punched them out using the Jewellery Tag punch.
I have been going “Hello… hello… is anybody awake out there” for several years now, and wondering why everyone seemed to be sleepwalking into the future. Wasn’t it painfully obvious that this was not your average blip to the downside? I saw armageddon in the making – and they saw… what exactly?
oh and to modify.....
Is it a good read? A definite yes.
Chocolate cookie base:
It’s very peaceful there
Isn’t that wonderful? Punishing those with asthma, forcing them to take more time to go to the doctor for a prescription (which costs money), then going to the drug store and paying more for inhalers that help them breathe better. But, don’t worry, asthma sufferers, Obama cares about you, and just wants to save you from Globull Warming. Also, says The Weekly Standards Greg Hemingway
This story has a really bad reputation among fans for some reason. When I viewed it, I was preparing for the worst. Nevertheless, I enjoyed it immensely. Perhaps because I quite like westerns or just because I like Doctor Who stories that are light, camp and fun.
Off late more and more people are switching to sat tv for pc, with no compromise of picture quality it gives the biggest advantage of being a portable solution. I have heard from reliable sources that this or next year they will launch the sat tv software for iPad and iPhones too and it will be free download for its existing subscribers.
At first glance, this dress didn't do much for me, but it was knee-length and nursing accessible, oh and it was $7.50 (you can't beat that!), so I tried it on. And loved it.
I dressed up.
On Christmas day, after an amazing lunch, I therefore enjoyed a nice Partagas P1 (see my review here) with my brother; I somewhat felt that wasn't enough for such a special day and therefore I doubled-up with a Montecristo Maravilla. While smoking, I got a little bit carried away with the Christmas spirit and therefore I took also a picture of the nativity representation my sister Francesca had prepared in the "lounge" :)
This was done to try and push expectations for any tangible results from government intervention out to some point in the future (in this case post-election) when people will theoretically have forgotten to remember another failed attempt to intervene into the operation of the free markets.
3. Laws are not simple and easy.
I understand that conversations with your friends about the game last night or “she said this and like…like…like…” is really important to you but could you avoid blocking entrance ways and pathways? I’d like to get to my friends to have those same conversations too.
There are, however, manufacturing applications that 3D printing may never be suited to. Objects that are both simple and large, and electronic devices, will be immune to disruption – at least for the present. Conventional manufacturing processes such as injection molding are better suited to large print runs of relatively simple objects. As Hod Lipson of Columbia University points out, 3D printing is economical when fabricating objects that have a high complexity/volume ratio. A large, generic, plastic garden table may never be economic to print – provided the production runs are sufficiently high. The cut off for 3D printing becoming competitive with injection molding is difficult to define, but one experimental 3D printing technology that fuses ink jet and laser sinter 3D printing should bring the cost per item down to a level where it can compete with injection-moulding for runs of up to a hundred thousand units, according to Neil Hopkinson, who is developing the technology at Loughborough University.
I read this article the other day by the Mayo Clinic staff and it appears very much worth republishing. Please read this and adjust your life accordingly. It’s really not that difficult to lead a healthy life style and live longer lives.
Archibald’s health broke down in his early sixties, and the couple returned to England, where he died in 1908, at the age of seventy. Alicia lived on until 1926, editing her husband’s previously unpublished works, and continuing to write herself. The list below gives the books we have reissued: taken together, they give a remarkable picture of a country and people then almost completely unknown in the West, and of an equally remarkable couple.
In order to have all those stories the invaders have to stay and cause trouble. They have to reduce humanity to the status of outsiders on our own world. Possibly drive us back to the Stone Age. I don’t know. At this point it’s time for new invention on it.
Now I have no clue how this got started or anything, but since it is Monday today and I won something, then I am so into thinking and hoping that I will win something else later this week. It puts a smile on my face and a little spring in my step.
Circles - I love circles - mandalas - inclusion - rolling wheels - sun and moon - round - spherical - pies - turning...circles... and what makes these two journal pages special to me are their spareness - spare simplicity often eludes me. These pages were made in the winter - while the earth here was buried under a thick blanket of white.
Harvested from mature White Sturgeons,
If you exhaust those two, people will be driven to the wall – and then the safety valves won’t work. Then the urban poor will run out of the resources for miracles.
There was also a sweep in Solano County the same day. This article recaps their results.
3 paid
Fermement, à haute voix, il dit sa coulpe.
The only completely stationary object in the room was an enormous couch on which two young women were buoyed up as though upon an anchored balloon. They were both in white and their dresses were rippling and fluttering as if they had just been blown back in after a short flight around the house. I must have stood for a few moments listening to the whip and snap of the curtains and the groan of a picture on the wall. Then there was a boom as Tom Buchanan shut the rear windows and the caught wind died out about the room and the curtains and the rugs and the two young women ballooned slowly to the floor.
Pray: God thank you for the love you give to me. That patience and kind love even when I don’t deserve it. You freely give it to me. Help me today show others to love by being patient and kind today! Amen.
not two, but three sponsors!
Hubby made a yummy Mexican chicken casserole, bread sticks, and peas for dinner – YUM!!! Finally, last night, LooHoo and I took Doodle to Foundations at church and then headed out to Target so she could do some last-minute shopping before her upcoming trip to visit family in Arizona! She got several fun gifts for her cousins and some snacks for the journey. We stopped for coffee and then picked up Doodle and headed home to call it a night.
For two years I had been writing for just a few people, very rarely receiving any comments. It was only when I came across British Mummy Bloggers (now BritMums) that I found a parenting blogging community doing the same thing that I was doing. What a revelation: I found other bloggers whose work I admired and they found me. Over the last few years I have continued to write about our family travels, my am-dram activities and living with a teenage boy. And now, in 2012, I've been nominated for two awards. That feels bloody marvellous.
To Her
I don’t think we have any yet. I’m not sure what day The Man has duty so that always plays into it. If it’s nice out we’ll probably head to either Point No Point (pictured) or Fort Warden with the pups so Molly can play in the water.
Here’s John, seriously looking at some birds …
Talos Drellik +5 crit +5
After we walked back to Lexie’s we only had to wait around 30 minutes and she was there!! All of the three amigas were back together again!
1 tight
Weight too great, climb up outta this chasm.
I spent all morning in the fetal position in my bed, watching All My Children clips on YouTube; and all afternoon in the fetal position on the couch, cuddling with a five year old, listening to Sara Bareilles. If I can continue doing that for the rest of the month I'll be set!
We only worked for about 15 minutes. I didn't want to push the issue and wanted her to feel rewarded for her performance. She was SO much better today!
We often hear how the Middle East’s failing economies have left many men unable to marry, and some even use that to explain rising levels of sexual harassment on the streets. In a 2008 survey by the Egyptian Center for Women’s Rights, more than 80 percent of Egyptian women said they’d experienced sexual harassment and more than 60 percent of men admitted to harassing women. Yet we never hear how a later marriage age affects women. Do women have sex drives or not? Apparently, the Arab jury is still out on the basics of human biology.
great places to eat or shop
May we learn from my sister, Kathy… may we all have the courage to soar.
‘What’s that smaller black thing towards the back of the bench then? It’s got a little cut-out cardboard man next to it.’ Oh, that’s the first sculpture in the series that I finished last week. I put the little man next to it to give the impression of the work being perhaps five or six metres tall and made of bronze. This is for when the world finally recognises my genius and I get regular commissions for monumental works to go in public spaces in New York, Tokyo, Moscow, Sydney, Edinburgh, Paris… Sorry what were you saying? Oh, yes, just think of these pieces as maquettes for full size versions in the future…
This was my second night on this fight, and it was already significantly easier. Don’t know how much is familiarity and how much is the scaling* nerf.
Personal Sustainability Promise
Eight Years later he is still not broken.
But, you are still
Dawn simulators are lighting devices or fixtures that are programmed to turn on gradually, from dim to bright light, to simulate the sunrise. They are sometimes prescribed for individuals who have difficulty getting up in the morning due to SAD symptoms.
Leaving aside the questionable justifications advanced by our negotiators for keeping secret the "deal" with the employers which has yet to be approved by Ministers (http://www.jonrogers1963.blogspot.com/2012/04/stop-press-eric-pickles-didnt-eat-my.html?m=1), I surely can't be the only one out here in the blogosphere wondering why we haven't at least set a deadline for the Government to respond, following which we would (at the very least) make public the proposals which have now been with civil servants for twelve weeks.
Some then underwent unnecessary procedures, some of which were badly done, according to Mr Cohen.
"I guarantee you, every single person that signed up for Instagram on that first day thought it was a filter app, and that's it," remarks Systrom. But the "filter" aspect (which I talked about in part 1) is not what it was really about, and it's certainly not why Facebook paid 1 billion dollars to acquire Instagram. It's really all about sharing photos. I'm not on Instagram (yet) so I can't speak from experience, but to hear Systrom speak about it, you would think you were about to embark on the "It's A Small World" ride at Disneyland. He calls it "one of the first truly international social networks" because the means of communication is visual rather than verbal:
I have SO dreaded transitioning Miley and Irelyn from cribs to beds. The girls have never tried getting out of their cribs, but now potty training at night has become a bit more tricky. The girls are fully potty trained at day, but at night only Miley is potty trained. Irelyn has a way to go. My fear though is that Miley won't be able to go to the bathroom at night if needed when stuck in her crib. It hasn't been a problem yet, because she holds it all night, but I wonder about the future. Thus, the transition began.
Keep cost down while increasing what you bring in... but I'll give you 14-21 day... if you Execute as directed
First step, run your die cut face down (which is the side of the adhesive) through the Xyron. Rub well to active the adhesive then peel off the backing.
ink pad and brush for dry brushing edges.
KRANTI SANGIVANE
3. book keeping (I own a business people, this is no joke!)
Well, it actually worked quite nicely and within a few moments Oliver was reaching out for the bit, so for now my rides will work on training my hands like this for a portion. So then we tried it without the whip, and it was much improved. Christy noted that I actually seem to learn things better at the trot, as the more forward motion stops Oliver from stalling out.
- Trattoria Trecolori--chicken fettuccine alfredo & ceasar salad
Two children bring their mothers (fathers/teachers who ever) a problem, one adult says, “Stop telling tales; go and sort it out yourself.” Second adult stops what they are doing, completely focusses on the child – they may go and help sort out the problem, they may not (more about this later). Which child is more likely to tell another tale?
Jack (10 years 1 month): Abuela said to Jack, “Today’s your Mom’s birthday.” Retorted Jack, “She doesn’t like to talk about it.” (#697)
I know I've been preaching and preaching about not buying things in "boxes" and off the shelves pre packaged... but there is ONE item I love... that I DO buy pre packaged... and that's Trader Joes, precooked Brown Rice,in the frozen food section... in a green box. I LOVE THAT STUFF! It has one ingredient... BROWN RICE... and it's the MOST convenient way to prepare it, when in a hurry... 3 packages for 3 bucks... and it's delish!
It is an understatement to say that the chief captain was out of his depth. He was dealing with something for which he was not trained or prepared. The complication was that this Paul was both Jewish and Roman. He knew the law of the Jews and now he knew the law of the Romans. This was too much for Lysius to take in.
Rating: 4/5 Beautiful writing, Graceful story
had improved. But I have to say I was most impressed by Henry Hopper as the credits rolled. He turned his character from a strange, ghost-talking, funeral crashing boy into a person who suffered death and overcame it but then had to suffer the passing of girl he loved so much. By the end of the movie Hopper had delivered a stunning and beautiful performance that I had thoroughly enjoyed.
Make sure you pick up the STS CU Grab Bag. The theme this month is Vacation Time. I know we have some of those planned this summer and this would be a great addition to my scrapping stuff!!
We stayed at Thanh Long T@n Hotel. 19-21-23 Truong Dnh St. It was strategically located near the shopping center Bien Tanh, touristic spots and food market. After taking a rest for a while in the hotel, we went down to eat.We ate at Pong restaurant, where Bill Clinton had had his lunch a few years ago on his visit to HCMC. In the afternoon, we bought souvenirs at Bien Tanh. Here you can shop using USD. Local currency is called Dong. 1 USD = 16000 Dong.
Lastly came dessert! My weakness! (I love everything that’s bad for you!) It was a very hard choice at this stage as I could hardly breathe already so I had to make my choices count. I ended up with – mini fruit tart, mini macaron, egg tart (I don’t know why I included that in dessert), mini cakes (tiramisu, blueberry cheesecake & some others I’ve forgotten) & fruit (kiwi, rockmelon, honeydew melon). I halved all this with hubby of course – because if I didn’t I would have either wasted the half of everything on the plate or wasted some of the selection altogether. Also, I had sample bites of some of the flavoured ice cream on the stick. Some of the flavours included were melon, mango, coconut, durian. I liked melon the most.
You are not worth them----not worth one
Second, as you are no doubt aware, last month the state of California began issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples. Yes, we’ve seen this before (Massachusetts), but what makes this threat so grave is that California—unlike Massachusetts—allows non-residents to get married, even if they are from one of the 48 states that still prohibit so-called same-sex “marriage.”
Forty years after Tibet, the Great Intelligence and it's Yeti were up to their old tricks again, this time in the London Underground. We also met Colonel Lethbridge-Stewart for the first time. In 1968 on a North Sea gas refinery the Doctor faced a parasitic seaweed creature, the Doctor used his Sonic Screwdriver for the first time and we bade farewell to Victoria Waterfield.
LinkedIn is a social media application that every accounting and business student should join and use. LinkedIn is a database of 90,000,000 business professionals that enables each to connect and interact with their business associates.
If I sold 100 copies of two books through YouWriteOn I’d earn £168.10, but by selling 100 copies each of two self-published books I’d earn £308.25. In this instance, self-publishing is a better option by a very nice margin of £140.15.
larger in a slide show type format, which is nice.
Stat-wise, its best stat is in Sp Attack. But because it’s a first stage Pokemon, its base stats aren’t that good.
But talking about him as an influence is very, very hard. It requires taking him out of context to see him like that. For me he was—he didn’t dominate my writing; there were so many competing voices. But during the Harper’s years, when I was there and he was still writing for them, when his copy came in, there was a radioactive quality to it. At any given time, there are only a limited number of writers who are operating at that level, who are sustaining that much weight in their prose, and we can argue if we like what they did or not till the end of time, but it’s a Gulliver’s Travels situation—we’re crawling around on a giant.
Sickos who do that kind of stuff to kids should be punished very severely.
Tangrams are another fun alternative. I found a Powerpoint version of Grandfather Tang's Story my first year teaching (and did not own the book yet). I liked it because it could then be projected and was entertaining for the kids to watch. I do not recall where it came from any longer, but here is a link to the copy I have...as well as tangram picture mats for the kids to try to make.
“Giving Rhythm a Rhythm” is a typographic installation where the word “rhythm” isn’t just a word to describe an act but more to express it.
It's a little bit lumpy here and there (not that there's something wrong with lumpiness!) but I think for a first try... it's pretty good! I may make tutorials of these two displays later on!
For I have been to NY Comic Con 2011. I have breathed the same air as some of the most enthusiastic comic book, graphic novel, video game, anime, movie, and television geeks and nerds the world over. I have been lost inside the glorious glass behemoth known as the Javits Center.
If you don't know anything about the movie, it's a documentary that basically shows all the unethical and disgusting practices that goes into the manufacturing of meat in our country. It's definitely a must-see, and was a total eye opener for me.
Step Two:
Mom replied "well, I won't be pregnant FOREVER!" and gave him the stink eye. Classy dad...reaaaal classy! No noms for you!
Do you know how warm it was outside? About 25 degrees, cloudless sky...just pure sun. The section of the park I jogged in had little shade at that time. I hardly drank any water and I nicely polished off that Slurpee about an hour previous. What was I thinking? After 25 minutes I couldn't go on. I had to pee, I wanted to crap my pants, my stomach was hurting, it was hot and I was sweating a tonne...need I go on? I stopped running and sat on a park bench in the shade to catch my breath. I started to cry. Basically, every good feeling I had from last week's 6km success was completely deflated.
Is it fair, for example, that I was born into the Great Depression over seventy years ago and now, when I should be enjoying retirement, I am living in something the economists call a recession, but is just as bad, if not worse, than it was when I was born.
Loads of hair and lots of tan,
It recommended that the municipality's director of corporate services be suspended and investigated over alleged illegal staff appointments and the unauthorised buying of vehicles.
Repent and be restored!
1. "All Gone Dead" – 1:53
So, I honestly wasn't too surprised when McCain went for her, though I admit to being a little shocked at his brazenness, his cynicism, and his presumptuousness. I am outraged that he would be so presumptuous as to assume that I might vote for this person, whose opinions are anathema to EVERYTHING I hold dear, simply on the basis of her gender. I am repulsed by the notion that this would, or could, work on ANYONE.
Let us visit some of those inequalities:
The results?
"You bring us that pizza, or else!"...)
I got a message from her that said "Whats up? Where are you? I want to fuck you!"
In my quest to replicate the dish, I looked at several recipes for pork ragu–some required that I roast a whole pork shoulder before adding it to sauce while others were much simpler, requiring nothing more than sauteeing carrots and onions and one round of browning the meat in the braising pan before adding stock and tomatoes to cover.
After spending 8 months in prison for stabbing a dance teacher, Genshu returned to her life as a performer and began to challenge Japanese conventions by performing her dance routines in a kimono whilst wearing an oversized doll’s head. Across her life Genshu made public clams of racism towards Koreans in the aftermath of the atomic bombings of Japan and denounced Emperor Hirohito as a war criminal. The title comes from her famous quote “You mustn’t be eaten by the kimono. You must eat the kimono, and gobble it up.”
2) Humbled to discover that, even though I thought I knew a lot about my extended family, I have many living relatives that I've never met.
Nicole: I'm waiting to hear back from beta readers on my MG fantasy story which I hope to start querying before the end of the year.
The only thing that brought down all of this awesome was the fact that Alera was narrating. Now, this isn't ALL because I dislike Alera. The fact is, in her world women don't really do anything. At all.
November: Jacno, Al Alberts
Going forward, I need to remember with 100% conviction that my entire life is forever and always 100% emanated and controlled by him. I am in his pure land. My ‘normal’ life is my life in his pure land, specifically within the charnel grounds of Keajra (Keajra is within Dorje Shugden’s protection circle/pure land). Others will still see samsara, but I will know better – I will know that I am actually in the charnel grounds. I am in the pure land. VGL once said that the mind of lamrim IS (itself) Akanishta Pure Land. In the same way, the mind that is the 100% conviction that I am in the pure land is itself the pure land. It becomes true at an ultimate level since all things are empty, it becomes true at a practical/experiential level since that is how I will live and experience my life, and it is true at a causal level since by adopting this view I will create the karmic causes for it to become actually true (in terms of what karma is actually ripening) in the future. The human resources office at the State Department which will be making the decisions about where I go is actually part of DS’s mandala, sending me to different parts or corners of my mind. I can recall Chodar’s bag “Travel in Mind”. That is exactly what I will be doing.
“The dark of the moon! Says right here on the moon app.”
That night I told my boyfriend about it. He listened sympathetically, then took me in his arms and suggested ways it could have been worse. "At least you didn't say, 'I hate black people.' At least you didn't say, 'The Holocaust was a hoax.'"
I would love to hear your ideas for encouraging your children to be walkers and enjoy the great outdoors.
Gruesome, melancoly, and absolutely dripping with atmosphere it's the first book I've read in a long time that I finished in the day.
At that point, her idyllic life was snatched away when a social worker took her away from her picturesque Oxfordshire home. Dawn was informed that despite the fact her parents Gina and Pete had fostered her from birth, they were unsuitable for raising her.
Do you know what I think?
And here are the boys setting up P’s new Thomas trains.
First launched in 2009, the craft&design Selected Awards are based on an Online Public Vote for British and Irish designer makers with work represented in Selected, craft&design’s online gallery.
Because it’s in that moment where
She might chew a blanket
We already discussed 2 aspects of Network Marketing. So what next?
It’s pretty clear that, during 2005, Newscorp CEO Rebekah Brooks’s mobile phone must’ve been the most public piece of personal technology on the planet. For as well as her conversations being bugged by the Met Police (they probably wanted to know what was on the menu for dinner that night) A N Other Newscorp title was also hacking her message-box. What a good job it is, then, that Rebekah wasn’t hacking anyone herself; otherwise her phone would’ve had a nervous breakdown at some point.
By the way how it feel when you own Boss man throw you under the bus?Not so much fun isn’t it?
Yes! There is an answer ladies.
Back When We Were Grownups by Anne Tyler (2001)
“I came of age in the 1960s and 1970s. I was a slow learner as a gay man and I used books to show me the way. You might say that I read my way out of the closet.”
Art. 16: After the filing of the case, the case-handling staff should promptly carry out investigations, and demand the person with statutory burden of proof to put his proof within the time limit appointed by the copyright administrative management entities.
Tonight, hubby and I are going to enjoy Military Appreciation Night at the hockey arena in a local community. It's always fun once you get there, but tempting to stay home when the weather is cold as it has suddenly become here in this great state.
Stephen Volk – In The Colosseum
The recent emphasis on diverse characters such as lesbian superheroine Batwoman, Hispanic hero Blue Beetle and African-American adventurer Cyborg (who will be a core member of Johns and Lee's new Justice League) also will continue.
Acts 1:6-7
If you're a marketing director, it's your fault because you didn't go back to your agency and say "you know what, I know this is what we briefed, but we all know it's a bit shit, I don't want to say to my family that I put this into the world, let's try again"
I thought about his question. We hadn’t done much cooking at Rick’s apartment, but there was the off chance that I had handled a steak knife. Or cleaver. I closed my eyes, and prayed Dwayne was right. I just knew I wouldn’t look good in a state uniform.
Ryan the Zebra is an adorable fun-filled rideable activity center for your little one to enjoy. Ryan is a soft, huggable zebra: from his comfy seat to his interactive feet. With over 28 different activities to explore, your little one will delight in their discoveries of squeaks and rattles... just to name a few!
The gowden gates o’ Heav’n an’ my ain countrie.
This book is fast.
As I close this up, I can't seem to shake Chris Rice's song "Come to Jesus" out of my head.
1 bag of baby carrots
I really feel like a roast dinner now! And I noticed how simple food, a family connection (and a little magic) can go a long way.
What we liked about E & the boys in the earlier seasons is that they seemed to care. They loved Vince. They loved screwing around, and occasionally they loved making movies. Now it feels like they’re going through the motions. Every line of dialogue feels like it’s come out of a ‘What Would Johnny Say?’ dialogue generator. Lloyd & Ari’s bickering used to be hilarious and now it’s just seems like they talk until Ari can make fun of Lloyd for being gay.
I opened my writing software and was going to work but then I couldn't remember exactly what I wanted to do with it so I started reading what I'd already done, made a few adjustments and then I got tired and bored and lost interest before I even finished reading it, let alone write anything new.
Thanks again for stopping by and blessings on your weekend.
Ingredients: serves 3-4 persons
Liz made Helen this jewelry organizer. She got drawer pulls and a piece of molding from the hardware store, polyurethaned the molding, and put in the drawer pulls. Here it is hanging on Helen's bulletin board already full of necklaces.
“With this gift of His Infernal Majesty, we have been blessed with the nanosecond attention span, the erosion of patience, the exponential growth of crediulity and gullibility, the silent profiliferation of pornography, and the removal of most of the societal barriers that formerly obstructed it.” (pg. 125)
Tuesday's Tale will follow - once I've written something down :)
I am a very big believer in two things; dystopian literature, because when I am in a bad mood I can simply pick one up and wait for people to die via slow and horrible methods. Though I find this very refreshing in all moods, it has more appeal when I am pissed off at the world. And before the thought of is she insane even forms inside your head the answer is only slightly! And the second enthuastic thing that I feel the need to point out in this review is that I am a feminist. Honestly, people. And therein lies the appeal of this book.
On Sunday, the NCAA Selection Committee announced the field of 68 for this year’s Division 1 tournament. The bubble teams that made the tourney include BYU, USF and NC State.
LONDON@ISABEAUDAKOTA.COM
So, there you have it for this week. Now, I want to know atleast one of your confessions for the week. Bad mom moment? Social mishap? Wifey duties left undone? No problem, spill the beans! This is a safe zone...no judgement allowed :)
Lets start with the facts………
Even though Florida is not considered "the South",
Super-spies vs. vampires? Yes, please! Night’s Black Agents (NBA) from Pelgrane Press takes this concept and cranks it to eleven. Kenneth Hite (@kennethhite) has taken the GUMSHOE system and run off to battle otherworldly horrors with it. My cursory reading of the rules has me excited to see what the system is capable of.
Thanks Jenny – let’s have some fun.
This assessment by the Trial Chamber is more consistent with the findings of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission. One of the intriguing features of the transitional justice mechanisms in Sierra Leone is that the two main bodies, the Special Court and the Truth Commission, have not necessarily shared the same vision of the conflict. The Court has focused on external factors, blaming Taylor, Ghaddafy and others for the civil war. The Truth Commission, on the other hand, tended to downplay the role of external actors like Taylor and proposed an analysis that found the main cause of the conflict to be the decades of tyranny and corruption within Sierra Leone. With its more modest perspective on the involvement of Taylor, the 26 April 2012 judgment
He who has an ear, let him hear what the Spirit says to the churches. To him who overcomes, I will give the right to eat from the tree of life, which is in the paradise of God.
We toured 4 farms in all, a melon farm, a squash, corn, onion, cucumber and berry farm, heirloom tomato farm, and a canning facility. The farms are not organic, but they use minimal pesticides and no weed control. When we toured the larges farm we were driven around on a horse drawn wagon, and allowed to pick any ripe produce we saw to take with us. I scored sweet corn, squash, green bell peppers, pablano peppers, candy onions, and garlic.
Now let’s warm ourselves by the artLedge...
Easter Sunday, 08 April 2012
Are you people really that stupid?
Classes will be held entirely in China and conducted in English. By visiting key institutions and facilities related to international trade, investment, and finance in and around Shanghai, students will gain a more detailed understanding of international economic issues as they connect with the most rapidly emerging economy in the world today. During the two weeks in Shanghai, students will meet with key policymakers in the government, specialists in international trade and finance issues and members of the Chinese business community.
I had my fluids, herbal tea... lots of it... all day. I slept VERY well because I couldn't stay awake if my life depended on it!! And as you will read below, I am definitely 3 for 3 today!!!
What I mean is in days of yore, the PCs framed themselves as the only ones who could defend Alberta’s values and resources from the rapacious designs of Eastern federal politicians such as Pierre Trudeau, Brian Mulroney, Jean Chretien or Paul Martin.
This could be a perfect opportunity for magazine editors to see that plussize models can appeal to a broad public. You càn make stylish, tastefull fashionstory'. Preferably so without a big title that they do use curvy or plussize models.
Transatlantic Counterjihad contributions at OSCE
Buck on the other hand was convinced that I had been left by an alien space craft which had unfortunately crashed upon the site. The alien baby seeking shelter crawled under the rock because it was similar to the conditions of its home planet.
1/2 cup of your favorite spicy barbecue sauce
One of the things that strengthens faith is knowing that God is the living GOD. All others are dead, buried, on display, and the imaginations of wicked hearts. Our God lives, even though He was crucified, died, was buried; He rose again bodily from the grave, and is alive forevermore.
- Nana (Rena’s friend)
$15.95 - $7.66 = $8.29 x 20% = $1.66"
It is a really unique piece. The drawers are not dovetailed ~ rather, they are attached in a wave pattern, with wooden pegs/nails. I've never seen anything like it!
How much did I read this weekend? Lately it seems as if I've been reading like a bear prepares for winter: storing up stories before I get writing this summer. Here's my reading weekend break down: 1675 pages, 4 books, 15 1/2 hours reading. No wonder I didn't get the laundry done!
Leave a 6 inch "tail" at the end of casting on stitches
I have been a novice homebrewer for about 2 years now. It's something that started out as a fun way to make lots of good beer, cheap. But it has tunred into a passion. I absolutely love beer. Beer is good. Beer is my friend. And I would love to go into business with my friend beer.
DAVID is waiting to hear from medicals schools and working full-time at Cabelas. He is gearing up to host a party for…
surrounded by books and an appreciative audience.
“God,” I argue, “How can I possibly learn how to write a nonfiction book proposal. It’s too hard for me. I don’t have all the pieces of the puzzle. I don’t know what to do next. I’m overwhelmed!”
is a local river
Kegged: 01-27-2008
We now find that the killing of eight year old Victoria Climbié, from the Ivory Coast in Western Africa, who was tortured to death by her aunt and her aunt's boyfriend in February 2000, a crime long held to be a failing by British social services, in fact involved strong elements of witchcraft. (They certainly kept that information quiet for the last twelve years.)
BLITZER: Congressman Paul, who is right?
If you are showing your work, please let me know and I will try to include you in a periodic post about pictures because, as Alice in Wonderland (paraphrased) thought “what is the use of blogs without pictures or conversation?”
Removing all dictators,
I actually very much enjoy creating tutorials and the few that I've done have a link on the sidebar. I've been meaning to come up with concepts for more tutorials that you guys may find interesting so feel free to make suggestions if you have any.
As I was sewing, my pieces started to shrink up, but the final shrinking comes when you blast it with steam from your iron. If you've never done it, it's really fun!
Panic rushed to my head. “Bryant.” The panic dropped to my stomach and I felt sick. How could I go from feeling so happy and amazing to feeling the gut-clenching guilt I felt now? “I totally forgot about him.”
Spray Paint (optional)
I had originally thought this would be great as one long, blog post. Then I realized I was utterly mistaken. I’ve broken it up to allow for somewhat easier reading. Enjoy. xo
The way this has manifested, unfortunately, is that our representatives rarely take on the controverial challenges before them, preferring instead the symbolic over the substantial and the partisan over the compromise. It’s safer to know your audience and always meet their expectations, pandering to the whim of the moment, than it is to do the hard work of the marathon negotiation over party lines. If you have several days to meet, discuss, negotiate, linger over lunch and drinks, shake a few hands, and make a few deals before the public has caught on to a particular issue…enough to understand it in any real way, you can get some quality work done. When every moment is potentially broadcast to the chattering masses, with opinions of all stripes bombarding the channels, and factions organizing for *and* against the same issue at the drop of a hat, it’s next to impossible to get anything done and come out as a viable candidate for re-election. Anyway, it would take a person of distinctively strong will and conviction to rise above the fray, but, as they say, it takes two to tango (or 60 to break a filibuster in the Senate) and so we have gridlock.
But after 5, things change a bit. Everything slows down a little and the crowd thins out. Some no doubt head for dinner. Some probably look to take things uptempo and head to a livelier bar. Some take a nap and/or a shower before considering their next move.
1 tsp baking powder/”soda”
S.
After the ArchDiocese I went further into Wisconsin and did some more research at the Monroe County Historical Society.
‘Help me,’ she’d begged. ‘My train is late, and I must get to my sick mother.’
Phone time in coffee shops
The result was 4lbs OFF WOOHOO
2a) The first one can be whatever you want.
I don’t think the public really know who UKIP are… ‘Anti-Europe’, sure that sounds good on the face of it, but in my opinion, Europe has done more good than bad. The Maastricht Treaty outlined The Social Chapter allowing equality for all workers, whether you’re a man or woman, part-time or full-time, black or white. Is pulling out of the EU really a good thing? No, not really…
According to the Scottish Independent Advocacy Alliance (SIAA), “Independent advocacy is a way to help people have a stronger voice and to have as much control as possible over their own lives. Independent Advocacy organisations are separate from organisations that provide other types of services. An Independent Advocate will not make decisions on behalf of the person they are supporting. The Independent Advocate helps the person to get the information they need to make real choices about their circumstances and supports the person to put their choices across to others. An Independent Advocate may speak on behalf of people who are unable to do so for themselves.”
For more information, please attend an information session, or follow the link above to our webpage.
and a day by the pool...
Tuesday was my busiest day at the Fair. Meeting with a journalist, lunch with a literary agent and film scout in the US (an old friend), then a very productive meeting with the people at Frances Lincoln. Editor and Art Director as before but now joined by my illustrator for the Great Big Books of .... Ros Asquith.
Just looking at her.
Here’s the video from worship:
This is not empty rhetoric. Both the MK veterans and the South African public are aware of the role that the veterans played in rendering the country 'ungovernable' during the apartheid era. If the word 'ungovernable' comes in shades of grey, then the veterans have done very little to distinguish between their version of 'ungovernable' and that advocated by Oliver Tambo at the height of the fight against the apartheid government.
for pizza and fun......and she is gonna do
so where am i going with this? who the hell knows. my new way of telling time is, "it's time to get the fuck moving." (which i say to myself, of course, about 45 minutes before we actually have to leave.)
Heck, I think all the fabric designers should have their names in that book because it would have made the book better in general!
Steiner was an oddity in the occult community of his time, a genuine scholar—he’s the guy who edited the standard edition of Johann Wolfgang von Goethe’s scientific works—whose visionary experiences led him first into a variety of early 20th century occult circles and then to the creation of his own highly original teachings. The movement he founded, Anthroposophy, was one of the options I seriously considered, back in the day when I was first looking for a source of occult training. That didn’t turn out to be the path I chose, but even so, Steiner’s work on biodynamic agriculture has had a lot of influence on my own gardening methods, and if I’d had children, it’s a good bet that they would have gone to a school that used the Waldorf system of education that Steiner founded.
I might add that we don’t spank specifically for catharsis. If it happens, it happens, but it’s not an end of itself and it’s not pretty when it does. Again, some women want/need that but by experience, I’ve learned it’s not helpful for Lynda.
Not least of all, it was exciting to see Marwan Bishara tweet my review of his book. I took that as a nod of approval.
There are Help Wanted signs outside every fast-food restaurant and convenience store and almost every other business that has a sign--everyone is trying to fill the jobs left by people who have gone to the oil field.
Here's what the publishers says:
but still can’t seem to reach them?
I didn’t know there was a difference between correctors and concealers till just recently and it has been life-changing to the way I do my makeup now. Concealers are aimed at hiding any blemishes, discoloration (sun spots, hyper-pigmentation, etc.), acne, and to brighten up the underneath of your eyes… but what about dark circles? Concealers aren’t enough, they will typically make your under eyes look washed out or gray and that ain’t pretty!
-- END INTRODUCTION
Egads. Do you think I should be committed? (And please! Rhetorical question. Don't answer that!)
Then in a series of articles, I again focused the attention of the public about the land issue on the historical facts...
Are we standing, sitting, or kneeling during the Lamb of God? (Kneeling)
Tens of thousands of anti-war demonstrators are expected to gather in Chicago to protest the summit.
When I snapped this photograph in Paris it made me pause for reflection… The beauty of the cobblestones, the architectural details of the buildings, the faded shutters and the hanging lanterns caught my eye… I had to capture that moment. But more than that… It was the family, for I imagined that they were a family, walking in step, in simpatico… with their perfect strides. This image made me wish that time could and would stand still, that this beautiful family could forever walk together through the streets of life harmoniously, as they were on this particular day… My thoughts turned to my own family and myself and I realized there and then that my one true wish was for nothing to change. This moment in our time together is good… great even… may it
Could you replace the who/whom pronoun with HIM or HE? Which sounds better? If he works, then use who. If him works, use whom.
Katie seems to take after me when it comes to ear infections. She always seems to have them.
Bangs - 1/2 inch circle cut in half - cut edges are hidden under the headband
pets (no matter what the species) in Texas had given us fair warning of what
It's been a challenging week, but thankfully I've been able to work on some cards for a couple bloggy friends who could use a little boost. :o) The one I'm sharing today is for a friend who is injured. No worries, she's been warned to stay away from my blog until the card arrives. :o) If she steals a sneak peek, it's not my fault. ;) Teehee.
Because the fermentation process, yeast acts on the sugar in the grapes to produce alcohol and carbon dioxide which builds pressure. According to the Bible, new wine is, therefore, not fermented. Also, the Lord's Supper was grape juice, evidenced because when Jesus spoke of the "fruit of the vine" (Matthew 26:29) He was speaking of new wine. He didn't even use the term wine, but fruit.
I have a confession to make. I am having a mid-life crisis. While I saw it coming, I am somewhat surprised by my not-so-graceful entrance into middle- age (undoubtedly, made worse by my son’s eighth grade graduation). Call it what you may, but I have this undeniable urge to discover what lies ahead for me -to redefine and reinvent-and essentially, to change myself. This is unnerving for me, as I hate change. All of this got me thinking … is the life insurance industry facing a mid-life crisis of its own?
After what has felt like months, this move back to the island is pretty much officially over. It only took four month to finally get all this dam furniture to the north but it's finally here. Three more pods full of random "Useless" crap came in last week. And with that, we started yet another Pod Party. That being calling all the friends I could and making them move everything from the pods to the basement with payment being pizza. It would have been a quick and easy job, but of course as with everything with this move, there was a problem. Apparently even though my mother claimed that she threw out most of what was left in the house at North Carolina, we still had way too much stuff.
St. John's is unlike any other place. It is a port city first of all, which feeds my need for variety and change and an ocean view. It is incredibly beautiful, set among cliffs and around a sheltered harbour with the ghostly spectre that is Cabot Tower floating in the distance on a foggy night and the incredible majesty that is the Basilica punctuating the skyline and claiming it for her own.
As a Professional Treasure Hunter I can understand the recovery of a body being deemed a Treasure.
Tuesday, he got much worse. His neck began to get stiff and his temperature was rising and falling about 4 degrees in a matter of minutes. He became somewhat unresponsive when I would talk to him, so I called an ambulance. I couldn't move him to get him in the car. The ambulance came and said there was nothing they could do but I could take him to the ER if I wanted. They just weren't going to do it. Thankfully we have good neighbors all of whom are the volunteer emergency services here. They helped me get him in the car. My next door neighbor came over and stayed with Adrienne and I left for the ER at the hospital in Savannah. I wasn't' about to go back to the Army hospital that wouldn't do anything for him. They got him in immediately, started an IV and started tests on him. After a few hours I went home and he was admitted to the hospital for some sort of infection. He was on some serious antibiotics and pain meds by IV. He was there for 2 full days and got to come home on Friday. He has a follow up in a few weeks to see if any more tests are needed. He is still on his antibiotics, but is feeling much better now.
Same goes if I’m dressed in a suit with my coffee (slash hot chocolate, because I don’t drink coffee) in one hand and my phone in the other and I’m rushing down the street because I’m late for a meeting – I’M BUSY MOTHERFUCKER!! Do not step into my path and try and stop me, because I’m going to tell you to move, or alternatively kick you out of my way.
Our current challenge is Spring or Easter Cards for Kids and you have until March 2nd at noon CST to link up a card for that challenge. After you do, please consider sending it in with any other cards you have for kids to one of the addresses under the tabs above to cheer a child inpatient in a children's hospital. Thanks!
I also love hearing couples tell stories of how they met years later. Their versions are always going to be very different. You may even see them argue about certain details, where one person swears something happened, while the other person swears it didn’t and it was something else.
Ironically, on the same day that President Obama was speaking with Robin Roberts, one of my all-time favorite authors, John Irving, was speaking on the Diane Rehm show about his new novel In One Person. (Yes, I'm on the wait list) This interview moved me almost as much as it moved Irving who, at one point, seemed to choke up with his anger and righteous indignation. You can listen here: http://thedianerehmshow.org/shows/2012-05-09/john-irving-one-person-novel
gratefully.
Violent protests hit the streets in the weeks after Mr. Grant’s death. On Jan. 7, more than 100 people were arrested after protesters marched through the city breaking store windows and setting cars and trashcans on fire.
In a post on Weibo, “<U+73A9><U+4E16><U+4E0D><U+606D>“ ranted at Singaporeans for ‘looking down’ on mainland Chinese and repeated Sun Xu’s infamous remark on there ‘being more dogs than humans in Singapore.’
Mass Effect Homeworlds #1
2:35 PM – Mobile network Choke
“The car-for-bike swap is the pinnacle of the day, illustrating one person’s true belief in all that a bicycle can offer,” said Bryan Simpson, spokesman for New Belgium. “Bikes represent freedom, fun and fitness while helping the environment. It’s a way of life that we live and share at New Belgium.”
Father: Lionel Stapleton
Positive thinking..helps us keep our focus on God.
If you are looking to satisfy that sweet craving, but you can’t have gluten or dairy, this is a great treat!
Isaiah 14:13-14
Johnny Cash: One
“12 Angry Men: From TV to The Big Screen” features film scholar Vance Kepley talking about how it went from a teleplay to film. Rather fittingly, he briefly gives the origins of 12 Angry Men and its numerous adaptations over the years. He talks about the challenges of working in live T.V.
- gas (wolfgang voigt) - nah und fern (gas, zauberberg, königsforst, and pop) - kompakt - 2008
shoppers who were only willing to pay 50 cents for an item on the "dollar table".
The plan usually entails some combination of selling treasured items, eating only ramen noodles and redeeming the deposits from the mountain of empty bottles that have accumulated since our last income deficiency. But it also implies making wise choices with our remaining dollars to make sure we don't sit out too many dry nights. Ahem.
This is the first time Cheah has cooked with Rhubarb and she's created this wonderful rhubarb cake - scented with vanilla, cinnamon and orange and topped with cinnamon spiced sugared almonds. The cake is soft and moist as it uses yoghurt. I can imagine this would be great to share with a pot of tea or coffee.
I am back in Europe now, and thinking back about my days in New York and all the things that I enjoyed the most over there. With that in mind, I decided to start this list with Chelsea.
Mod Podge Matt & Glossy
I could not have daughters of my own but I decided that I could still care for many of India’s neglected daughters. And so began my personal effort which continues to this day. I help girls from poor families whenever I can. I give them books, clothes and other things and encourage them to study and make their own mark in society. All 3 of my cook’s daughters have completed their graduation, done courses in computers etc and now have good jobs. They save their money and don’t abide by old customs like dowry.
Back in the day when those Indie bands still made those small 12" EP records Echo and the Bunnymen released Lips Like Sugar as a single along with their awesome cover of that Doors song "People are Strange" that was on the Soundtrack to the Lost Boys. Oh those Late 80's college days gone by.....
Hey everyone! Thanks to those who participated in last week's challenge. We always love to see your projects and leave you some love! Let's get right to the winners shall we?? Crystal had the pleasure of picking this week's winners! Our winner is #13 Judy
I'm going to do a more detailed blog post next week sometime about branding, advertising, marketing and connecting with people, so I won't say too much on the topic now, but it boils down to this; you can be, or look, too slick. Professionalism is a good thing to cultivate, but self-promotion is annoying. I've never done formal very well - I wear a certain amount of scruffiness in my soul, and with pride - and ultimately I don't want to use marketing tricks to artificially boost my performance.
It's a very simple layout, especially when both pennant styles can be punched out with the matching pennant punch (love!). The little star I used for the bottom panel comes from the same set. the happy birthday is a fave from the 'Party This Way set. I didn't have any new colour ribbons when I made it, but I think the old olive grosgrain worked in well.
And, when we called in this morning, the nurse told us he took his first bottle this morning. Only 5 ml (so a tiny amount) but she said he did very well - paced himself, sucked strongly, and didn't have any breathing problems during or after! I can't wait to see this in person!
“Wait.”
What is the book about?Well, the title kinda says it all, doesn’t it?
CCC. Love it.
I find the entire process of metamorphosis to be perfectly amazing.
I was twelve years old... didn't know much about cancer then.
Stripe skirt, Zara €39.95
I’ll be bringing a side dish, wish you probably could guess based on the abundance of green beans in my fridge. Go check out the page, and sign up. You have until the 30th, and I’m sure she’s still looking to fill a few slots. Non-vegans and non-bloggers are totally invited. We don’t discriminate.
The people who have payday advance debts basically fit in with decrease or middle class households. They get palm to jaws earnings or any level of debts sounds extremely enormous for the children. Specially, whether it is a brief time period money advance, your credit card debt may perhaps surge very quickly due to excessive apr. The consumers from time to time are so irritated that they even get ready to try Bankruptcy as being a answer because of their financial obligations. Nevertheless, the matter of fact is that regardless of how intense your credit card debt issue is there’s nevertheless a fix for doing it with debt consolidation reduction mortgage.
five line stanzas, then eight, then nineteen,
Leather Goddesses of Phobos 2 – Gas Pump Girls Meet the Pulsating Inconvenience from Planet X!
When it came, with much fanfare and a spinning globe graphic that said “WORLD PREMIERE VIDEO,” I was in a friend’s dorm room with a bunch of people. I had boasted that I, Karen Noreen Finlay, was going to be in a real live Beastie Boys video. I was going to be a star AND Mrs. Adam Horovitz. THIS was going to be the first of many moments of glory, a moment to rival any of Pamela des Barres’ – this was going to be IT. I was going to transcend from a mere bookstore nerd into a rock and roll butterfly, or at least have the most awesome claim to fame EVER.
Please do not be deceived…Church of Latter Day Saints – Mormons – is in fact a cult, not Christian brothers as our “buddy” (term used loosely) Osteen would like to have everyone believe. The heart of the matter is, Osteen does not wish to offend anyone or drive away a single person from his church that may have deep pockets and therefore, Joel politically dodges the questions in such a way that only an unbeliever or a Lakewood member would be deceived by.
Catherine Middleton, Duchess of Cambridge, aka Kate Middleton, continued the run of recent royal festivities whilst her husband was away on military duty in the Falkland Islands as she set out to greet and charm the Irish guards and show her St. Patrick’s Day pride at a ceremonial military parade held at Mons Barracks in Aldershot, England, on Saturday (March 17, 2012).
Do tell me if you find those missing weeks!
That was the way things were.
I mentioned that I arrived at the show late. It runs from 10 a.m.-4 p.m., but I almost always get there around 12:30-1 p.m. That's so I can avoid the big mob scene for whoever is signing autographs that day. (Yesterday it was former Syracuse great Floyd Little. I care nothing about SU, and yes, I know Little's history).
I have a non-Christmas-y project to share with you today.
For these ATCs, I started with some hand carved block prints that I had printed with lime paint on white paper. They are part of my edzellinni fabric line that I did for my SAQA visioning project. I combined the blockprints in photoshop, and then added the word lime and the mirror image of the word. I arranged the words at the top and bottom, but cut off part of each to make the words less obvious.
But the best part of the day (I’m saving best for last), was (forgive me for not thinking the community service aspect was best, but I guess I’m a tad selfish), the last part of the day. I heard the “Emily” (I won’t use her real name) telling German that I was really helpful and doing a great job. To which he responded, “You hear that? You’re already getting praised. Keep up the good work.” I blushed a bit (hopefully he didn’t see) and thanked him. Yes, I was praised. Fresh, clean, warm, welcoming praise. On my third day at my first experience in the administrative world. For now, I’ll give myself a pat on the back and continue working hard because I don’t want to get ahead of myself here, but praise never feels bad. That’s the way I see it.
the allegations of abuse, and other characteristics of the alleged abusers.
Thus, in this project, I’ve begun to think about ways in which one male/male romance novel in particular—Anne Tenino’s Frat Boy and Toppy—might be re-visioned so as to allow it to follow in the footsteps of Fifty Shades of Grey, to come into the dominant discourse in order to complicate this nascent discussion of female desire, of the texts through which women are “allowed” to negotiate, explore, and ultimate rewrite their own sexual identities.
what i didn't tell you about our first massage is that we also did a couple's rasul, which is basically a salt scrub and body mask thing you do for each other and then a steam room.
Yesterday was another day of shocking discoveries. Lets run through the list of fun stuff
I participated in the Make a Splash challenge over at Crafting in the Rain and this months material was leather. See what everyone else made here. Want to sign up too? Click on the button to learn more:
First of all I finally decided on the room – my kitchen. Yes, all five of us crammed into my small kitchen. I pulled out the medium-sized table, cleared off the top, positioned five chairs around the table, made coffee, had fresh strawberries, muffins and cookies available. I cleared off the top of the radiator and put memoir books I planned to use on the radiator. We did go into my office (next door to the kitchen) for part of Session 2, to do research online on my desktop computer, but that was already planned.
I opened the box.
12.man in a long coat
4. Mohd. Rafi: Sagar Nahin Hai To Kya Hain
“The Christians, you know, worship a man to this day – the distinguished personage who introduced their novel rites, and was crucified on that account… You see, these misguided creatures start with the general conviction that they are immortal for all time, which explains the contempt of death and voluntary self-devotion which are so common among them; and then it was impressed upon them by their original lawgiver that they are all brothers, from the moment that they are converted, and deny the gods of Greece, and worship the crucified sage, and live after his laws.”
11 They surrounded me,
"Tonight is my last night of bartending. I'm finally retiring and getting out from behind the bar. Can I get a moment of silence?
¡HOLA TEQUILA! By Colleen Graham. Sellers Publishing. 128 pages, 75 color photographs by Shannon Graham. $15.95.
No. A nice young man showed us to a roomy trailer with a refrigerator and a stove. We got the kids into bed, drank one large, very cold Morretti apiece, then Anette crawled under the covers, too. The campground seemed peaceful but strangely empty. It was a beautiful, cool summer night. I took a walk...and a hundred meters down a paved path, I stumbled into the Mediterranean.
Dinner was fondue, whether they wanted it or not. They, like myself once, were polite but possibly not that enthralled by the idea of eating a badly-done memory from the 1970s when it was suggested to them – that is, until they tried it. Instant adoration ensued with every single drop of melted cheese disappearing quicker than the ears of an unwrapped Easter bunny. It must be the combination of the homeland, the right cheeses (Emmental and Gruyere) and the atmosphere of Geneva’s oldest restaurant (try 400 years) that wins everyone over. Even celebrities and diplomats eat there – old, mismatched plates and plain furniture but the right mixture of ingredients and location. Being attended to by the, frankly, gorgeous Remy the waiter who makes Brad Pitt look like a hog with halitosis was another plus.
Weaknesses: Tendency to take bad angles. Undersized. Doesn’t get off blocks from big OL in the second level. Overpursues plays at times. Not a man coverage type backer. Little starting experience.
Miranda: "Definitely. There's a lot we have to sacrifice. Work. Luncheons with the girls. Vacation with the girls limited to only once every two years."
Allow to cool for 10 minutes, and enjoy!
Last year, the U.S. Navy bought 59,000 microchips for use in everything from missiles to transponders and all of them turned out to be counterfeits from China.
I swallowed and fingered, I kid you not, a lock of her incandescent tresses lain between the two pictures. It was a freaking reliquary in her honor. All it needed was smouldering Nag Champa and an audio cassette with vespers chants on a loop. I didn't know whether to challenge her malachite glare or genuflect. With shallow breaths, I retreated and stepped into the hall, pushing my shoulders back and making my way toward the strains of Freddie Mercury emanating from the den.
It was not so for me. The more I learned about western trees, and grasses and wildflowers, the better I grew to love the dry, hot western desert mountains. The more I yearned to learn about the geology that carved spectacular canyons and isolated pinyon pines from ponderosa with a sea of sagebrush — and the more I learned, the more I appreciated how delicately balanced the whole thing was.
One aspect of Islamic society and Islamic states is the conflicts which often arise between the Islamic ulemas within a Muslim/Islamic state and the state itself. To put it simply. This war between ulema-power and state-power (a perennial battle in, for example, Pakistan) is often addressed in the language of freedom and even of democratisation; whereas it is often the case the it is only a struggle between two power blocks – the state and the ulemas.
You can eat a cupcake and still register a loss. Oh, Satan was on his game the day he invented the scale…
1 lied
Isn't life just like that?
When I begin to realize that I've been mistaken for furniture it's a tough call to know when to call it a night. If you wait around the crowd thins out but there's no guarantee that anyone will come over and ask you to dance (or return a well thrown cabecco).
November 22, 2011
Clearly, we have barely scratched the surface. There is no end of difficult people to deal with out there. The passive-aggressive, the control freak, the bossy boss, the fitness freak, the corporate wanker, the mother-in-law, the lollipop lady... oh, I could go on.
Try chasing Osama Bin Laden instead of wasting taxpayer money on chasing imaginary Milk Nymphos. Human trafficking, sexual exploitation of children, and the health safety and welfare of those exploited in the sex trade should be much higher on law enforcement priorities.
Found a place, and the guy who owned it was very friendly. They got the tire off and found the problem. A huge screw was lodged in the tire towards the edge. After mush deliberation, S was in Rome and unavailable, I decided that the best option was to buy a new tire. This was the same day mom and I were meant to go to Sandy Beach and snorkel. So we got slightly delayed, but decided to make a break for it as soon as we got back home, and to stop at Ibn Battuta to get the rest of what we needed.
310) an apology for in-sensitiveness
I used My Minds Eye papers, Dovecraft cream cardstock, Cream lace, gorgeous roses and leaves from my stash and some Card Candy. Lastly I added a dome greeting with Happy birthday in gold.
Second-drink the Coke from the three (not all at once, unless you are in desperate need of a caffeine fix!)
He has a very creative, inventive mind. Each week I would sit beside him, finding him things and talking a bit. Slowly he started to relate more to me and slowly we started to have more of a connection. I know he loves coming here, but what I am working on is attachment repair and empathy building and it is slow careful work. As his therapist I am not trying to be the mother he didn’t have, but I am trying to help him open up to experience some of the feelings that most children have in their childhood experience with a caring parent; trust, safety, care and empathy. He is changing. Before he often acted like I wasn’t there and he had a strong ability to dissociate or tune out. Now when he makes himself a smoothie he asks if I want some. This is a large step. Small changes mean big shifts in the work that I do. When he comes in the door, instead of looking at the art table to see what goodies I have, he looks for me. His eyes light when he sees me and he talks to me. This never happened in the first six months.
It’s similar with the other gods and the aspects they represent.
James Keene You wana do what to a pig?
This past Saturday night, my long-time band herbie had the pleasure of performing at the familiar O'Reilly's Tap Room at the Best Western Premier for the launch party of the new Millbock Brewing Company out of Dauphin County. Just to give a brief bit of history, O'Reilly's has since become my Thursday night home away from home for the past two years, as I perform there every week with The Think Tank. Lucky for me, they also have a fantastic beer selection! So I was equally thrilled to be playing a herbie show at a familiar place with lots of good beer. For the past two years, we'd limited our gig roster to just a single gig, a holiday show held at Appalachian Brewing Co. in Harrisburg dubbed "A Very Herbie Xmas." So we doubled our schedule for 2012!
We are the brave writers who are NOT AFRAID TO WRITE.
In radiant youth.’
Winners Tammy Persing, Gavin Goodwin and William Hampton entered an essay contest explaining what it would mean to them to win a Polaris RANGER RZR, and how they and their family would enjoy the vehicle. Their essays touched on how the vehicles would give them the ability to enjoy life with their families, be more adventuresome, and give them freedom away from the hospitals and post-war challenges they have endured.
Are you a worry wart? Do you worry in advance, or jump first and worry afterwards?
There is a little-know sequel to Lord of the Flies which takes place in the suburbs. More specifically, the setting is my house. Can you imagine what your house would look like if you left a 12 and a 10 year old boy all alone for two and half months? Let me show you. It might look a little like this.
42. Id. iii, verse 24.
I have to admit that I’m not always the best about asking for my kids’ input on their rooms—especially when I have my own “vision.” Trish and her son Billy, however, worked together to redo his space and had a lot of fun in the process.
I have no doubt that we will be successful in harnessing the sun's energy.... If sunbeams were weapons of war, we would have had solar energy centuries ago. ~Sir George Porter, quoted in The Observer, 26 August 1973
riding the polished lenses
When modern authors tackle the popular fairy tale Little Red Riding Hood, they generally feature a strong heroine, who may kill the wolf herself, or otherwise outsmart it. This makes us feel like we've progressed so far from the Victorian simpering victim idea of the female protagonist, but actually this empowering ending is actually only hearkening back to the original Grimm story, which includes an addendum that is usually forgotten. (By "original Grimm story," I don't mean that the Grimms collected the first version of the tale, simply that this was how the tale appeared in their collection.)
“We are so excited to have Teresa as our keynote speaker for this year’s Sorghum General Session,” said NSP Chairman Terry Swanson. “She is an excellent advocate for agriculture, and is a valuable addition to this year’s program.”
Momentary liberty from ass-to-genital-people-sandwich? Checkity-check.
else sings along.
*I don't care if you use Crisco, peanut oil, veggie oil, canola oil or motor oil. Really. Use what you feel is right for the health of your family. I think olive oil's smoke point is too low as well as adding a flavor I'm not sure is complimentary, and I am pretty sure they'll look at you funny if you use motor oil.
way, line by line, through a theology that was years
After about a decade I learned how to agree with my parents on a few things: the beautiful view, the breathtaking sight of one of those mountains covered in eternal snow – indescribable! I still go there and just look at it!! I go there and ski. I love skiing… and sometimes I go up there just to make myself clear once more, how unbelievably powerful God has to be to give us something so beautiful!!
I honestly believe that while watching this series, I began to actually over-think things. I was left with thoughts of just to whom the show was marketed. It is so obviously a show for young adults, most of the main characters are in High School. A lot of the action revolves around the school, and many of the themes relate to teenage life and feelings.
Janna 'I have bags under my eyes' McGregor
There was a bonfire our last night at the Kinderhotel. When I approached and saw people holding sticks, I assumed we were making s'mores. But they don't do that in Germany; instead, they bake bread. It's disappointing when you're expecting marshmallows and you get bread.
Commissioner
This particular outing is one of the better ones. The recording is primitive by modern day standards, but the power shines through: his paws must have had callouses on callouses. The third eye motion does not let up from start to finish, even when he's warbling.
Binder (3" heavy-duty preferred)
What a beautiful sentiment from the new Quote and Quotables and perfect for coordinating with birds or butterflies. I used the butterflies because they metamorphosis from the creeping of a caterpillar into the soaring beauty of the butterfly.
Art thou elated ?
½ cup sugar
He said that to be hired by the airport, one needed to have passed matric, to have a code eight driver's licence and to have completed an internal three-week basic firefighting course.
All week, I’ve essentially been in charge of making sure all the logistics for this trip are organized and executed. T’s are crossed, I’s are dotted, lines are signed. Basically, this means that since Monday, I’ve been a travel agent, hotel concierge, National Rental Car associate, catering specialist, PR person, tech wiz, secretary, activity coordinator, professional organizer, personal scheduler, and general question hotline operator. And tomorrow is the day when it all goes down!
I am looking forward to checking out all your gorgeous designs using this fab sketch. Hop over and check out my super talented teamies gorgeous designs, ooh! they are sooooo gorgeous.
Lesson 1: The most important thing I can do to keep improving as a teacher is to keep placing myself in the position of learning new things. The discomfort, confusion, coping - I have to keep coming back to it and back to it. The goal is perceiving myself, even when facing thirty teenagers, as an "accomplished novice" instead of an "answer-filled expert." How do teachers move from expert to novice? That is hard to do and even hard to think about - a desirable pathway but a difficult one to find. But the "accomplished novice" attitude is one I respect in the best teachers I know. If I don't keep placing myself in the learner role, I forget, forget, forget. "Answer-filled expert" is the pattern of habits I fall into when I forget.
So there.
However, and as an Office fan it pains me to say this, perhaps The Office should have ended when the main character left. All of the actors are brilliant and it’s still a wonderful show, but perhaps it should have quit while it was ahead.
These topics, these words, lie heavy on my heart today. Why? Because I believe God wants me to share this message with you -
Before joining Freddie, Mr. Renzi served as the operating chief of GMAC Residential Capital, a unit of Ally Financial Inc. He was initially hired by Freddie to oversee the company’s mortgage-servicing operations.
So anyway wait for 30 minutes then talk to him and he’ll give you one Legend Festival coin. You will also get some useless 30 minute buff called Legend Sweet Syrup Buff.
* How long did it take you from initial inspiration to finally achieving the publication deal for HIDDEN?
In any event, she returned alone victorious to the ball, only to be confronted by the King. "You are the jade La Maupin?" ask Louis "I have heard of your handiwork! Need I remind you of my decree against duels in Paris?" She denied nothing, for how could she? She was well known and had clearly been the center of everyone's attention. It would seem however that she did present herself to Monsieur who interceded for her.
I want to be helpful, but i’m so flummoxed i can’t write anything that makes sense here, or in response to other folks blogs. I apologize if my comments are shitty. I’m not thinking clearly.
For years, Yamazaki was the only Japanese Whisky available in the US. For that reason, to the extent most Americans are familiar with Japanese Whisky, they are familiar with Yamazaki and, more specifically, the two expressions which have been most widely sold here: Yamazaki 12 year old ($30-$40) and 18 year old ($90-$100).
RSPCA officers found the couple’s nine-month-old baby in a bed with sheets soiled with bird droppings, magistrates heard.
Mary's life in the village is predictable. The Sisterhood, the Guardians, and the Guild keep the secrets and protect the village. People follow the rules, whether it's staying away from the Fence or marrying the person you should, not the person you want. When Mary loses her parents and her family, she begins to ask questions and to want more than to love or be loved. Before she can figure out the answers, the Unconsecrated threaten to overrun the village.
That's it for me today...hopefully our journey home from Cali is smooth and I will be home and in my bed by midnight! Have a great week!
ps – still on the no wheat thing and did not eat the english muffins.
Title: THE GOSPEL STORY BIBLE: Discovering Jesus in the Old and New Testaments
Prof. Knobe has a novel idea for solving the riddle of the true self. He proposes a new field known as “experimental philosophy” that would do research into tough problems that have plagued philosophy for centuries, such as the riddle of the true self. For example, he and two colleagues at Yale asked 200 subjects a series of questions about their true selves. But a trick was involved.
Home to leave to my trials…
*Thanks for the all the quotes C&L peeps*
For salad:
It might be an exaggeration to state that I’ve heard “Bad, Bad Leroy Brown” a million times in my life. But it wouldn’t be a huge exaggeration. Here’s to hearing it a million more times.
He contracted pneumonia there and was returned home, to New York, to die. The State of New York's Department of Health records his death on April 2, 1924. Nathan was 40 years old.
a)Do you work here alone in this office?
(data on this site are based on a survey of some 900 smokers in four capital cities. No data were collected outside of those cities, yet this site provides estimates of illicit consumption in every electorate, extrapolated from city data.)
It was about 35 degrees when we finished. There was still plenty of post race snacks and drinks for those of us who take our time. In particular, the chicken soup tasted like liquid gold.
Pulled out multiple pieces of wood t
I sleep like a log, but Ian is an early morning man. He said the wind came through here and when he finally got up, huge snow flakes were falling. He estimates that we got an inch in about 40 minutes. I awoke to Narnia, but out came the sun and wiped out all the rain/snow and the itsy bitsy spider climbed up the spout again. That's the way we like our snow. It's not the first day of February that we had expected, but under the circumstances, I'll take it.
Right, well, thats all for now folks – I am going to retire to the clean and tidy sitting room with a beer, the TV, the laptop, the husband and probably the cat. Hope you are all having a fab weekend.
I haven’t been there for 5-6 years and was beginning to think it was a fictitious place… Or a place reserved for “better” people. What am I talking about?
House crickets are pale yellowish-green or whitish pale green in color with long, movable spines on the stick cricket games online of your favorite matches and tournaments purposely because a single loss was much more profitable to them to know the natwest cricket games online as which player made fastest run, took hatrick, fielded marvelously. These exciting moments have encouraged cricket to expand its ground in world.
The Captain and Tenille. I wouldn't trust him to steer a boat.
If you’d still like to press that 4 weeks is a lot of time, consider this: if we didn’t have that time off, we’d kill your kids because we have to see them everyday, put up with their BS everyday, help you raise them everyday.
the copper and silver circles that glinted like a pirate's
He’d realised a long time ago that people like their routines. “Creature of habit” he muttered as he watched the man from no. 26 shambling along the road to fetch his paper. Tom knew that the old guy left his house at five to seven every day, to reach the newsagents just as it opened. The shuffling walk was accompanied by the tap of a walking-stick, click-scuff-scuff, click-scuff-scuff; the sounds beat a rhythm as regular as the old man’s routine, he’d know it with his eyes shut.
And someone you love to lay next to
garam masala - 1/2 tsp
Flowers were stamped with Memento blue ink with a Stamp by Judith E-171.
Was in hospital for 8 days and I can tell you if it wasn't for hubbie bringing me lovely M&S veggie and fruit salads I'd have starved! Food was seriously yucks!
Second he had posted on another forum…. “The coins will be going off soon as we have 14 days to actually hand them in, the farmer wanted to see them it’s the least we could do.” It is indeed the least they can do considering the coins aren’t their property!
To handle yourself, use your head;
55.814601, 13.728526
All of this took about 7 minutes to do. I also cut the bottoms of the tee shirt as you can see.
I don't know about you, but I have a love/hate relationship with snow.
I also am ambivalent about Ysrael’s role in the story. The tension he supposedly brought between the two sisters felt overwrought to the point of ridiculousness, and I was never convinced of Ysrael as a person. For me, he never broke out of that love interest role he was designated and failed to come across as anything beyond a two-dimensional typical love interest boy in these YA contemporary romances. (You know, the whole perfect considerate boy walking in and changing the heroine’s life for the better.) I’m tired of having The Man being a catalyst for all of the heroine’s major changes in her life. Their whole shared music passion also failed to be believable for me as well, since their interest in music was portrayed vaguely at best and I’ve seen other YA books wherein two characters bond over music done much better than here. And also I just didn’t really buy the part wherein Ysrael supposedly opened Mina’s eyes to different future possibilities. The scene played out as if Mina never even heard of the possibility of doing what she wanted, which I found utterly unbelievable. I bought the ties between Ysrael and Suna even less. (Basically, comparing Ysrael's scar to Suna's hearing aid just did not fly for me, and was a very superficial tie at best. Also they had no romantic tension whatsoever.) Finally, I thought that in spending all that time developing a connection between Ysrael and Mina, the development of Mina and Suna’s relationship suffered because of it, focusing too much on the love triangle dynamic instead of the sisterly bond. It would have been fine if An Na intended the novel to be primarily about the budding romance, but it’s clear to me from its premise and execution that the family was and should have been the dominating storyline. I mean, I did like some scenes with Ysrael in it, (the kiss scene was simply beautiful) and certainly it’s nice to have at least one healthy relationship depicted in a novel (because Mina’s relationship with everyone else in this novel – Jonathon, Suna, Uhmma – were so incredibly dysfunctional) but this subplot just didn’t intertwine convincingly into the main story.
"The Baptism: Flannery O'Connor" was accepted into the SAAG National Show. I am very pleased because I was worried it wouldnt make it in. 143 pieces were selected out of 600 entries. If you followed the week of blogging called "The Process" you know that I hope to win a prize. We'll see. Now that it is in I can rework some areas I think are weak like her hands and the water. In general, just make what I already have be as good as I can get it before the judge sees it in person. That show opens in October.
I was still hopeful that the process would be painless. I was able to find a dress for my son's wedding with relative ease, in a local dress shop eight years ago. Of course, it helped that I was younger and thinner in 2004. I loved the Jasmine/Jade brand dress I wore, as it fit so perfectly right off the rack. I didn't need one alteration! Unfortunately, the dress shop I bought this dress from was no longer open, so I knew I would have to look elsewhere this time.
MINIKISS featuring Hair Nation – 8:00 p.m.- Club Infinity
This blog is not authorized, endorsed, approved, prepared or affiliated by any persons involved in the making or ownership of the Avengers movie or comic books. The views and opinions expressed in this blog are strictly those of the author and do not in any way reflect Marvel Comics, Marvel Studios, Paramount Pictures or Walt Disney Pictures.
13. Cumbia De Los Muertos - Ozomatli (U.S.A.) / 3:32
Campaigning in Toronto in 2004, Mr. Harper challenged the business community to stop receiving government subsidies, making it a condition of lowering business taxes.
Plus: A package of our Brighton Beach White 8.5x11 Cardstock - awesome cardstock for Copic colorers or any stamping project, a package of our Summer Lime 8.5x11 Cardstock (a wonderful, bright & happy color for spring and summer projects!) and Summer Lime polka dot ribbon.
THIS IS IT...
I saw Brice leaving the house on my way to work this morning. It’s impossible to tell what his work hours are. Either that, or he avoids me. I keep wanting to take him some cookies or something, but with a body like that? I’m sure he works out. Hard.
GET IN.
I actually think this is good because if the rain slides off the roof like that, someone did that on purpose. I'm hoping for a winter season of no leaks or snow weirdness.
To ensure his drinks were chilled, he obtained a quotation for a £132 mini bar for his office.
R6-7- Sc in each
“The Raven” as a movie demonstrates that you can make a movie that bridges the biographical facts of Poe’s life and its own artistic vision and still make an interesting movie. The movie is driven by the premise, a serial killer starts a series of killings in Baltimore that emulate some of the more gruesome murders in Poe’s stories. When the first murder is done inside a locked room, police detective Fields (Luke Evans) recognizes it as the setting of an Edgar Allan Poe story. Fields brings in Poe (John Cusack) at first as suspect, but when another murder occurs Poe quickly becomes the first criminal profiler and consultant. Poe helps Fields both in what kind of mind the killer may have and of course in the details from his stories. The killer kidnaps Poe’s girlfriend Emily (Alice Eve) with the killer promising clues as to Emily’s whereabouts with each new murder he commits.
Humans, possessing an animal body, can have sex without communicating with each other. The exercise can go on and on, or repeat, without achieving an HEA, just as all animals do. Humans can go through the gymnastics of sexual intercourse without communicating. It even results in procreation! Or not.
This program from the 1957 Ice Follies
I'm so blessed!
“It doesn’t take much to help to minimise such threats so that our native animals have the best chance of survival, and keeping your cat indoors is just one of the ways you can help,” he said.
Harry Morgan, best known to television audiences as M*A*S*H's Col. Sherman Potter, was never what you'd call a star. Yet he was almost never out of work — which is as good a sign of his talent and our enduring affection as any.
I had only a little bit of my ice cream left so I started up the car and headed home. There were roadworks on the road out of town so were were going pretty slow, about 30 miles an hour and we'd the windows down and Derek was chatting away. We'd only been on the road about 5 mins when this wasp flew in my window and started to buzz about my face. Frozen with terror, I whacked it with my hand and it fell to the floor between my legs!
Also because I want to blog anonymously (this kind of thing just doesn't gel with my work) I'm wary of posting too many outfit shots and definitely don't want my face in them (sorry Sacramento!). So sticking a headless figure with what I wore that day is less fun than sticking a nice picture of something pretty.
8. Pretending to be a publisher when they are nothing more than a glorified printer of books and offer nothing outside of this.
And it's exhilarating.
Write On!
There are a few pubs dotted about that have made a conscious attempt to replace benches with sofas, introduce a wine list and serve ciabattas, but the chief characteristic of their clientele compared with their competitors tends to be not that it’s more classy, but it’s a bit younger.
Located in the historic Taft Building, which is steeped in Hollywood history dating back to the 20's - and housed offices of Hollywood icons from Charlie Chaplin to Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences to The Hollywood Reporter - Wood and Vine has a unique decor and indoor/outdoor/bar/lounge/upstairs/downstairs space that makes you feel as if you've stepped into another time and place. Notice I didn't say movie set - it doesn't give off that forced, false, touristy vibe in a theme park, Planet Hollywood kind of way - but in a way that feels authentic and transportative, and makes you forget that you're just a short but treacherous walk away from the kitsch of "superheroes", "aliens", "stormtroopers" and shops blasting sound and fury, peddling plastic "best mother/father/brother/sister of the year" academy award statuettes.
It is easy to see how my brain got there. It was telling me about how I needed to call the power company before our move-in date. Then it told me how sad it was that I hadn’t had the chance to work on the laundry list my second job has given me so that I would have cushion to pay my move-in fees. And then it had to throw in “and you’ve eaten out so much, it’s not like you’ve saved any money there either”.
Ok, I need to stop lying to myself. I'll never stop trying to learn new crafts, I'll never stop reading two or three books at the same time, and I'll never have just one project. That reminds me, I really should get started on Halloween costumes soon. Maybe I'll be able to get a sewing machine set up and working soon and even get a little money set aside to buy fabric. Here's hoping!
What do I do at Bedtime, I ReaD my Daughter A Story and Teacher Her To pray, and sHow Her sHe must Brush Her TeetH, Before going to BeD.
Paul, my dear husband and soul mate.
After birth the memory generally fades regarding this and we find ourselves in situations, relationships and services to others which often feel either too short-lived (not all contracts are supposed to last forever,) or too long-lived. We find ourselves getting locked into obligations, fears of loss, comfort zones etc, and we don’t let the soul have a say regarding the right time for contracts to start, be re-negotiated or be released. We have forgotten what we set up before birth!
Head on over to Other Peoples Flowers on Etsy where you will find deals of 50% off and more - most listings are by the lot and your savings will be pennys on the dollar. Stock up for your own altered art and assemblage projects or stock your own store inventory - these deals cannot be beat and will not be repeated!
Forcella in Williamsburg off of Lorimer is a cute. quaint spot. I have to say I may be slightly biased because they started off the experience on the wrong foot with me. I’m not a fan of liars.
In a roundtable discussion on ABC’s This Week Ronald Reagan’s budget director, David Stockman, blew a massive hole in one of the lies being regurgitated these days as a GOP talking point. Did old Ronnie cut taxes in 1981? Yes? Is that what helped to stabilize the economy? Nope. It was the raising of taxes in 1982 that did it. According to Stockman the Reagan administration actually cut taxes too much the year before.
Waterbury (CT) Republican-American, 2005-02-02
Thanks for stopping by and be sure to check out the Divas below and see what samples they have for you today. AND don't forget to leave some love for a chance to WIN THESE STAMP SETS!! Winners will be announced at our Anni-VERVE-sary Bash Release Party that night. And for even more chances to win new stamps, play along with our Anni-VERVE-sary sketch challenges, going on this week in our forum!
Morning Everyone,
- salad, meat and fruit, 1 or 2 day per week
Remember that large piece we made last week? You can get a look at it in the customer's Maine home at Wood Shop Shanty.
027.030 YUSUFALI: "It is from Solomon, and is (as follows): 'In the name of Allah, Most Gracious, Most Merciful:
TV has given us the illusion that anarchy is people rioting in the streets, smashing car windows and looting every store in sight. But there’s also the polite, quiet, far deadlier anarchy of the core citizenry—the upright citizenry—throwing in the towel and deciding it’s just not worth it anymore.
There are times on the journey that you stop and ponder what you might have missed, whether those little things that you barely noticed were more significant than you realized.
And so it is.
Arrange chicken on backing sheet. Evenly top with mayo mixture, then sprinkle with bread crumbs.
Better brush up on your Greek alphabet, no? Just to point out a few of the harder ones: Omicron means "little O" in contrast to Omega "big O", Theta stood for death in biblical times (with Tau in opposition as a symbol for life), and Phi stands for the golden ratio (i.e. the golden rectangle). A large deal of the sonnet doesn't hold great meaning as single lines, but as a whole paints a general attitude towards Omega. Plus, it's fun. There are a couple possible clichés in the first couple lines, such as "grand and glorious" and "end of ends" (which I would argue is inverted by the subject matter), but I don't think it's that bad (and the rest of the poem is utterly clean).
The letter says the local private rental sector is beginning to "overheat" because of the "onset of the Olympic Games and the buoyant young professionals market".
To make a short story looooong, my feather "obsession" has been cultivated for years. Let me explain... While growing up in Denmark, long walks have always been part of the "routine", and often we would find feathers form all kind of different birds. Ranging from the really long skinny pheasant feathers, to the tiny little fluffy dotted and bright blue ones. My mother would often bring the really decorative ones home, they would become a piece of artwork in a windowsill or on a pin board.
i'm not sure how much blogging will be done this week. #2 son aka not fredo and his lovely dancing lady are arriving today from tampa on their way across country to lalaland. and then on saturday, the MITM leaves. *sigh* i might post some pictures from jazz fest and also some pics from charleston, sc, or not, i'll try.
The study is part of AAIA’s initiative to illustrate the automotive aftermarket industry’s widespread efforts on behalf of the environment. The information is presented in AAIA’s “Driving Toward a Cleaner Environment: The Automotive Aftermarket’s Green Story,” in the short video, AAIA Green, and in a Green Snapshot. For more information, visit www.aftermarket.org/green.
around her. It was more than the cop thing of keeping too much evidence a
What I knew, and they clearly didn't, was that they were about to be ripped off. They were about to be taken for a ride, scammed, cheated out of money. And so, donning my good samaritan hat (because I hate to see tourists in Paris being taken advantage of), I intervened and informed them they were about to fall victim to one of the most popular tourist scams currently infecting Paris.
Paper is k & company and vintage sheet music. Used my Slice for the wings, the girl (both cartridge) and the cut out of "party" ( cartridge).
There was a new handbag, since the last one literally fell to bits. Pretty much identical to the last 3 or more I've made because this design really meets my needs. Making them out of regular fabric keeps the cost and time of making them down, so I'm OK with the regular replacement time frame. These fabrics are from Cloth and I'm loving them.
Now suddenly the turning tide,
I'm adding this to my favorite books read in 2009; and it's easy to see why this made the Morris Award shortlist. Yes, of course it's because of the plot, and the deft handling of serious issues and everyday issues, and supporting characters who are well rounded; but it's also (in my opinion, I have no connection to the Committee!) the character and portrayal of Blake. Blake is so real, from his humor, his point of view, his attraction to Shannon, that at times I thought Blake was real and the author had just invited him to his house, given him some cheese and caramel popcorn, and transcribed Blake's words.
If you’ve been to Drayton Hall since our repointing campaign began, you may have seen us making mortar the old fashioned way—with a mortar tub and pugging mallet. We add ingredients like lime, sand, and oyster shell; and then we pound them all together. It’s hard work, and we’re often asked why we go to all the trouble instead of using store-bought cement. The answer is simple. Cement and historic bricks do not belong together. Although it is entirely appropriate to use cement on modern bricks, it can wreak havoc on historic ones. If you’ll recall that historic bricks are like sponges, imagine what happens if they’re saturated when the temperature dips below freezing. They expand, and if they swell against hard modern cement, they crumble! If you’ve ever seen a wall that looks like a honeycomb of mortar joints with powdery brick or stone in the middle, you’ve seen this phenomenon in action. This is why we go to the trouble of making a softer historic mortar. We intend for it to be a sacrificial building material. So, as the bricks expand and contract, the mortar deteriorates instead of the historic bricks. If we didn’t invest the time to repoint the bricks with the proper mortar, it wouldn’t be long before those bricks bearing the finger prints of their maker began to crumble away.
Don’t marry her. Buy a house.
Enough for one day. Start on the flames tomorrow. That was fine until I got home and realized – The flames do not come from on top of the wood, but from under, and around it, and through and between each log. Oh, dear. Oh, dear. What to do?
4. Hain Pure Foods Veggie Bowls
But a good lawyer never lets the letter of the law get in the way: any law can be stretched by twisting its words. Especially when tax is concerned.
I rest my case...
Without more income within your pouches, you simply have to visit the net and look for the correct loan providerOrlender and you may complete the necessary application. Once the sort is chock-full effectively, you can only have to hold off until the financial loan app is validated. After a long time, you can view should the loan has been within your bank checking account. The lending products are you’ll pay with a thirty days but some individuals prolong for an additional thirty days in particular those with much larger Loans although with yet another fee.
I've decided to give 2 packages out this time~
Stat-wise it’s got okay attack, but pretty bad Speed, though it can learn Sucker Punch to sort of make up for that. Its signature move (before Gen V) is Spider Web, which is the Bug equivalent of Mean Look
Desiree
Rooftop Parties
George Lazenby
*Entry 8: Email a friend about this giveaway and then CC: it back to me Bm1carson@gmail.com
Speciality beers possibly more
My favorite version of the Robin Hood story that I have read to date is also the one that makes some of the most severe changes. In Stephen Lawhead’s King Raven Trilogy, Robin is not an outlaw living in the Sherwood Forest fighting against the evil Prince John who is trying to usurp his brother’s throne. Instead, Bran ap Brychan is a Welsh Prince who is forced to live in the Greenwood when Norman invaders steal his land and home. Even with the very different time and location, though, the heart of the story is true to the modern day legend we have grown to love and there are many familiar faces that crop up throughout.
Then last night my friend Allison got to meet Caleb. She didn't want to go alone so I went and pointed him out and then read and walked around and kept myself entertained while they were visiting at Borders. Then the three of us decided it was time for dinner. We went to Freebirds and had fun. I am making an effort to eat healthier this year and I chose the whole wheat tortilla for my burrito bowl. Of course I also had a Shiner. I was feeling at the time like I may need one and was making my friend Kelly laugh in the text messages I was sending her. But I am happy that we had fun and that I am making some good eating choices.
The best halo-halo for me is Icebergs halo-halo. I can't get enough of it. It is literally filled with 12 tasty ingredients with 2 scoops of ice cream on top, but I think it's their macapuno balls that made their halo-halo so flavorful. It is served with separate evaporated milk and sugar so you can adjust its taste to your desired creaminess and sweetness. You may think that P118 is too expensive for a glass of halo-halo. But Icebergs halo-halo is served in a large bowl instead of the usual tall glass. Once you tasted it, you'll say that P118 is cheap for its delicious taste.
asked her if she'd like to try it again on another sunny
AT&T External Affairs Manager Robyn Gruner
Dearest Momma, fair and gazing,
I'm hopeful that we may actually get some planting done next week.
Battery life
But there's been a common question making the rounds since the deal was announced: What beers are we going to see at the grills and pub? Well here's your answer.
Tonight. But we won’t win honey. It is just fun to get in on all the excitement since it is so much money.
LONDON, June 19 (Reuters) – British peace campaigner Brian Haw, who lived and slept outside the Houses of Parliament in London for a decade to protest against the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, has died of cancer, his family said on Sunday. He was 62.
Cast aside your mourning veils, join all of your tears
Could a garden come up from this ground, at all?
Aside from the requirements which may apply to each individual challenge (follow this color scheme/sketch/theme, etc) we ask that you please include The Stamping Bazaar stamps on your entries. It’s OK to combine them with stamps with other companies! =) Just make sure that there is at least one TSB stamp featured prominently on your card.
I don’t write the stories. God writes the stories. I just take the dictation.
Be warned, the following article is graphic, heart wrenching and achingly similar to the atrocities being meted out on our people everyday, 31 years later. Do not proceed further if you cannot stomach the truth.
I'm glad I was born before humanity filled up the land. I can see it coming- my childhood haunts are getting houses put on them, old trails now dead-end, or worse, get converted into driveways. And if this happens in Alaska, of all places... It'll be a miracle if there's any open space that isn't some kind of park left in a few decades.
During the nauseating spectacle (which you can listen to here), James Rose was given air time to describe how he has studied the differences between men and women, and has now come to the conclusion that he is in fact a woman, and so, even though he is 78 years old, he is going to be sexually mutilated to remove his penis.
How good you are is supposedly measured in votes, clicks, awards, views, badges...
In his message of hope the Dalai Lama shared:
I would have similar encounters over the years with 2000AD , till I eventually got more permanently hooked with issue 454.
Then I cut the open butterlfy and both glued together.
But two DDDB representatives expressed confidence in current fundraising, noting that litigation expenses were much greater then than now.
* Brow chakra – forehead pains and pressures
I spent many of summer days
“In this rush to indict,” Cooney concluded, the department decided “to cut off an investigation.”
All of that would be at most a minor annoyance, but this time, Eater has gone too far. Earlier this week, they published photos of the nation's most prominent food critics, many of whom pride themselves on their anonymity. This ridiculous "news item" does an immense disservice to restaurant consumers. Even in this day of Yelp, Chowhound and countless bloggers, there needs to be a place for the professional food critic, a knowledgeable journalist who takes multiple meals under the cloak of anonymity in order to make reliable recommendations to the public.
The UN agencies believe that the tourism infrastructure is being used for the exploitation of and trafficking in persons – and children are especially vulnerable as the sector is expected to boom in 2012.
Particularly after the war though, and with the influx of European architects, there was a growing influence of modernist ideas.
While Apple and Nokia publicly announced a patent settlement for an undisclosed sum in June, they did not divulge any specifics, except to say the agreement resolved all litigation between the companies and that Apple would make a one-time payment to Nokia and pay future royalties. At the time, the settlement was viewed as a victory for Nokia.
This must be taken very seriously, for the country that we have always considered and taken for granted as being free, is no longer free. It is owned almost outright by government investment.
I also included a disclaimer that people who did not want to see that part of me should not read what I wrote.
The charges are based on “mandated reporter” laws, which require school officials, clergy and virtually anyone with access to and control over a child to immediately alert child protective services and law enforcement if they have any reason to suspect abuse or child endangerment.
"For the viewer to become suddenly unsure of an image's 'obvious' intent is key to Holstad's method." --Steve Lafreniere, Artforum January 2003
And once the new husband has had enough of the woman, she is sold to another man. Some turn to prostitution. According to the police, many of these wife-turned-prostitutes have been rescued in the last two years. Even the international media seems interested in the “plight” of these people because selling one’s wife in one of India’s multiple poverty stricken districts is something that their audiences would love to hear and it would re-affirm their long held stereotype of India.
4)Leave a comment on the last blog of the hop on Thursday, revealing the secret word, and you may be one of 3 lucky winners to win $10 off their kit purchase!
As for Craft Beer UK, it appears a producer club rather than beer drinkers club. Just what the industry needs, another trade organisation. If you have a brewery is it worth joining? You have to decide for yourself. Is there a benefit to pooling resources to promote the sector in general or are you better of promoting your own brand on your own? Don’t ask me. What does appear pretty clear is that the membership criterion appears a bit in flux. Yesterday it appeared only open to small brewers making beer the existing members liked. Today it’s a public vote. I guess they have some thinking to do. If I had a brewery I wouldn’t want to join a club that defined “craft” beer as anything that would impede my future business. I might want to build a bigger brewery, expand my market and export at some point. I might rue the day I joined, funded & helped a bunch of upstarts define craft beer in a manner than eventually chucked me out and no longer let my beer be officially “craft” I might see the sense in keeping the definition of the term nicely loose to mean whatever anyone wants it to mean.
Caress of cool mountain water
A small room off the kitchen served as the record company office. It was a company run when they weren't at their day jobs, practicing with their bands in the basement, or on tour. There was a lot of work to be done. At this time, the 7" sleeves were hand cut and pasted together, there was no company budget to speak of; things moved slowly.
Mom's usual lead a pretty tattered scattered life, so hope this inspires you to come up with something good for your Mom's this year.
History/Geography
I shifted in the bed, getting up and walking downstairs into the living room. I sat on the floor in a meditative stance; half-lotus, my fingers assuming the chin mudra. My mind swirled as I tried to remember the dream, simultaneously attempting to observe my thoughts, and yet go deeper into the meditative state.
Equipment Needed:
At one point, there was a bit of a power cut and these lanterns came out to play. It may not have been anticipated but I was pretty impressed with their quick thinking and putting their home ware to practical use.
We paddled! We swam! We floated!
Chong claims: “They never came back, ignored all my cries and I still don’t know what happened.” He was locked in a 5 ft by 10 ft holding cell, and was forced to go to extreme measures to survive. Chong admits that he had to drink his own urine, attempted to kill himself with the glass from his spectacles, and went insane.
- 75 g sour cream
Miri, too, saw a people’s revolt in the last April state election that ended the political life of six-term assemblyman Dr George Chan, who was Sarawak deputy chief minister and Sarawak United People’s Party president then.
2 tablespoons heavy cream
Yes! It means that we found a house that suits us. (I will post some pictures eventually) We signed the papers and will take possession in July if everything goes smoothly with the bank. We have a tenant our present house with a 2 years contract. The mover is almost booked as well.
Lord of the Rings Tactics (PSP)
· The Temptations
There have been years where I swore off the internet for 40 days, even opting to do things like research papers "old school" style using actual libraries. Funny enough those semester grades were always a bit higher than others.
However, I think Ruby makes important work, potentially highly effective work. I have no doubt that Ruby is a major artist – I happen to think he is a brilliant artist. Here’s why.
This weekend, for just a snip at £250,000, conservative party treasurer Peter Cullas, is offering a table at London’s Most exclusive brasserie. For what is a mere poultry sum you can enjoy Downing Street at it’s best.
Since the paperback edition has a preface dated 2011, it is reasonable to assume that, whatever else he may have revised or modified, Hitchens stands by that silly, misleading, and completely unworthy metaphor.
A little white loveliness from the inside and the outside.
05 Nothing Happened Today
I may even have the applause and respect of people the whole time, and they not have a clue I have moved ahead of Jesus.
Date added
Today we went to find a headstone. I have not been able to commit to looking for one, but I think we found the one today. It is a heart design, the lady from the monument company is sending outlines via e-mail of what it will look like with the wording on it. We decided we will have the flower holder installed so that maybe our flowers will not get mowed down! I was dreading doing this, up until we went looking. The first place we went, the prices were way higher for very plain headstones. The second place had beautiful stones for less than the first place and the woman working walked us right through everything. It was nice to have some guidance because we have never went headstone shopping and all I knew was what I did not want, and no ideas for what to look for.
This is one of my best recent recipe finds! I am so thrilled to now be able to make my own curry paste from home. The smell and taste was identical, if not better, than store bought; and my version is free from preservatives, hidden fats and sugars. And of course, it was very gratifying to smell, and see, the aromatic spices blending in my own kitchen. Makes 1 cup
I think I will take a break then and the next day will take some time to prepare myself for the next semester. There is plenty to do if I am honest, not least because my line manager has held me up with pontificating about what I should be doing. I do not see why they should be telling me what to do as I am teaching the same course as before, but that is just their way; they like to feel useful – or should that be useless?
8.
“The loss of my sister has been a life long source of sorrow for me. I attribute it to the LSD and its cover up, whether the chemicals themselves ’caused’ her disintegration or not. In law this is called a ‘contributing cause.’ I learned that people cover up the most awful things, not just within a family but within communities, within universities, within ‘polite society.’ There is probably no absolute barrier that will prevent these things from being done, but they have to be exposed and called out for what they are, whenever they occur.”
Its been two years since our wedding and am still amazed at how fast time flies.
6. Left a gift card outside of a coffee house for someone to find and purchase them-self a cup of coffee.
Annie was born on October 21, 2011 (I know this post is a few days late :0). My delivery was very quick and not expected on this day. I had been to my doctor on Tuesday and was still at a 2 (had been there for a couple of weeks), my doctor said see you next week. Friday night I woke up about midnight (right as John got in to bed) and my water had broke. We called the hospital and they said I can come in within the hour. So I showered, shaved my legs, looked at the list of all the stuff I was going to do Saturday to get ready,packed Eli a little bag, and dropped him off at Grandma Colleen's . Anyway, once I got to the my hospital room they said do you want the epideral? Sure as heck do!!! The guy came in and then got called to an emergency c-section so he hooked me up and gave me a little bit for pain, then had to come back in to finish it up. I ended up with epiderals because the first one only numbed my right side, not fun at all. Once I got the second one in, life was fantastic! Annie got here at 9:24 AM.
UK - 6:30 p.m. 17th Mar- 6:30 p.m. 18th Mar
GINGRICH: Well look, I think that first of all, you should control the border, which I have pledged to do by January 1, 2014. You should fix legal immigration in terms of visas so people can come and go easily — more easily than doing it illegally. You should also make deportation easier so when you deport people who shouldn’t be here. The 13 gang members, for example. It should be very quick and very clear.
3 years since that awful night I heard your heartbroken mommy say: "Mama.......... my babies are gone"..........
I have a question for you garden experts (like Heather): What is this seedling? I think I planted it, because they're only growing in the area around my tree where I threw some seeds one year. But I don't remember what all I planted. I know there were violets and poppies and something else. Maybe cosmos? These just look too much like weeds to me, so last year I pulled them all out. I guess I didn't take a picture of this garden bed...it also needs help since we enlarged it last year to acccomodate the weeping caragana that Kevin wanted.
Plus, I wanted to climb onto the latest ‘wave-breaker’, to make images of the changed harbour view! The main (remaining) pier taken from the other side! With the city behind it! Unique! What an opportunity.
Granted, this puts additional pressure on Oliver Breweries to find new/additional brewing resources of one kind or another, or else start cutting back on distribution to other outlets. Stay tuned......
Side note: I just had a one hour conference call with Amazon yesterday about the November 22 release of STIRRED, and it blows me away how smart these folks are. It was unlike any conversation I've ever had with any Big 6 publisher. Amazon truly understands that an essential part of making money is treating authors fairly. They pay much better than the Big 6, listen to and implement authors' ideas, and understand numbers on a near-savant level.
STRIPES
In the meantime, Oregon winemakers south and west of the town of Indigo Springs have suffered millions of dollars of damage to their vineyards. Windborne contamination has caused some vines to grow rapidly and necessitated the burning of acres of arable land, while alchemically contaminated bears have destroyed much of the healthy crops remaining on the vine.
He also says that “Jesus is integral to God’s own identity.”
i think i could move there just for the garage sales!
The only things you need to do at that stage are to write and to perform. As much as you can. And the places you'll be performing at aren't the kind of places that deal with agents. Or rather, they aren't the kind of places that agents want to deal with.
The question was: What do the cowboys in Lori and Katie's books drive?
Likely Teapublican presidential candidate Mitt Romney revealed that he will be purchasing a new clothes washer for wife Ann this week. “I think it’s the ideal gift for a stay-at-home mom like Ann,” said Romney during a break from the campaign trail. “Up until now, she’s been using a washboard and tub like most
The deal? It's the high season for pomegranates, and always the season for macaroons.
If this is not possible for you, you may register by post. Contact us at:
Condemnation of anti-semites (by your definition anyone who takes their refinement of anti-liberalism too far and names its components) is an example of Criticizing Those To Your Right. (Which Auster has complained of many times but I cannot find a formal definition of.)
I sighed deeply. His words were difficult to swallow and so I borrowed some courage from the bottle of vodka on the table. He’s right. I know he’s right but I also know I’m not the only one to blame.
von Trier is a filmmaker that I'm more familiar with by reputation than experience, as many of his films (particularly Anti-Christ) have always sounded just a little too daunting and intense, but Melancholia makes me want to rectify that. From the darkly beautiful and operatic prologue, in which von Trier shows the entire story's trajectory, including the Earth's destruction, straight through to the nightmarish ending, Melancholia had me absolutely riveted. There are still a number of films I have left to see this year, but I have a hard time imagining that Melancholia won't be included in my year end best list.
For those of you that are confused- I managed to get myself "in the family way" again. You'd think I'd learn what causes that after having 3 others, but I guess I'm a slow learner.
We are an offering to You
I have a lot more sympathy for folks living with diabetes. Our industrialized culture eats sugary, refined carbohydrates in large quantities at most meals. It would be challenging to maintain blood sugar long term without feeling left out.
The bones were there...good, solid oak cabinets, but a little "1980's" and definately a lot blah.
a) short video clips (less than 3. minutes) uploaded on youtube.com
And last but not least there is a book from one of the doyennes of the cross-stitch world, Jane Greenoff, entitled 100 Cross-Stitch Patterns to Mix and Match.
Happy Cooking!
The man responsible looked up, eyes narrowed. Bitterly, he said, "Go on, ask. You want to know if that's why I did it."
If you want to get the chicken cooked a lot faster, you can place it between two pieces of saran wrap and pound flat. This makes the chicken so thin and cooks it a lot faster for you.
otherwise known as lepidopterophibia.
10 What is the
still we make a rainbow
She focused on Tarn's features and saw his weakness with a piercing insight. It was though she could see through the pale flesh to the spirit inside--a spirit thinned and weakened, bruised and weary. It was her first deepseeing and though she didn't have a name for what she was doing, she understood how it worked. She leaned closer still, cupped Tarn's face in her hands, and breathed his name into the silence.Through 50 pages, Tarn was already an excellent protagonist and the tinkers were a nice group of side characters; now in these scenes, Carrie emerges as an interesting figure as well. Meanwhile, de Lint also shows us Tarn's state as an exhausted shape-shifter from his point of view:In the deepest holds of Tarn's taw, he was all the shapes he had ever worn. He was a multitude of configurations that watched each other with eyes of gold and grey and mauve--those that had eyes. They were distanced, one from the other, but in that distancing, there was a sense of elusive oneness, a unity that drifted just beyond remembrance, beyond recognition.
In fact, a study published in Cancer Preventative Research shows the combination of a low-fat diet in combination with omega-3 fatty acids could reduce prostate cancer development and progression.
97) Nice to meet you, I’m Sheldon and you’re Gorgeous!
“The Product of This Poet’s Hand” – A Villanelle
I finished my first "novel" at age fifteen. It took me two years to write it. I laugh a lot now, because it was about 90 pages long, and that seemed sooooo long to me. It was probably a novella, not a novel.
I have to admit, I am.
But to my horror, I STILL couldn’t find the phone.
was a great excuse to miss class, and for some
Thank you, Rick, for your interest in writing and kindness to me. And, as Rick would say, "Writers write!" So write on, and may your writing go well!
"The tactical execution of Eager Lion 2012 exercise will officially start on May 15," Major Robert Bockholt, public affairs officer at Special Operations Command Central, told AFP.
And this page…Jasper, the wakeboarding dog: independence again…”I can do this, I know I can”... (from a “booklet” that I created for a 5th grader who was in my class….trying to help him with ideas about going towards more happiness…but ideas apply to adults, as well as kids) Just replace the word “happy” with the word “independent”…similar principles apply
I thought that I would share them with you in hopes that it will be an encouragement to do you husbands good. While it is by no means an exhaustive list, it is some very practical ways that you can work towards blessing your husband right now, whatever your age may be, 13yrs. or 30yrs.
“for the beautiful pair of candlesticks.”
"It isn't strange that we die. What is strange is that we ever lived at all."
* Tell a caller to hold on for a moment, then leave them waiting on the phone.
Le Cirque borders 4500313
Sloan's not a killer. So when she’s next to get her brain scanned for the government initiative, Project Reform, she never expects to end up in the Desolate, an island full of teens marked as future killers.
Here are just some of the horrors that happen behind the mic! Which blunder is your fav?
TODAY’S THOUGHT
The Handyman’s Handbook: The Professional Approach to Do-it-Yourself by Edited by Jeremy Harwood & Lawrence Clarke hits the £1 shelf in my shop.
Those ant years I’ll never get back. And the time I spent watching those manic little insects rushing about over and through and under the mounds of dry soil in our back garden I shall never see again. Were they wasted hours? Could they have been hours better spent doing something constructive – like the vastly superior-of-mind-ants were doing before my very eyes? I don’t know. But I’ve never forgotten the feeling of being so desperately bored out of my skull that I was happy to sit on a warm garden path with ants (very
The image is by Natalie Shau, you can find her work on DevianArt, I just love this image. I have mat and layered her onto red and black cardstock and used flourish dies and a sentiment plaque by Tim Holtz. The skull in the left corner is a digi stamp by Smeared Ink, decoupaged and covered in glossy accent, then mounted onto a cameo surround. The skull in the right corner is from a necklace I bought somewhere in a sale. The flowers, ribbon and lace are all from my stash
Then, we went to Lowe's and purchased wire mesh. The mesh was about $8 and is enough mesh to fix my non-existent screen door for the rest of eternity. Hubs asked why I bought so much, but that was all they had. It was not an option to buy just the small amount I needed. Depending upon the thickness of the mesh, you may need to purchase tin snips, but you could probably use scissors. I also purchased matte black spray paint at Walmart because I couldn't decide on another color, but any paint would probably work.
I'll take a minute out to grab a smile, and to refocus my gaze.
I bought my husband a titanium spork years ago as a joke, and I really enjoy eating things with it.
Anyway, in Allonsanfàn, we follow a disillusioned, weary and aging radical, Fulvio Imbrani (Marcello Mastroianni), as he repeatedly tries (and fails) to extricate himself form his former revolutionary life. This is often to grotesque or comedic results (such as when he makes a suicide pact with one fellow comrade, only to let the other guy go first), though - as is the usual style of 1970s commedie all'italiana - it's also very sad, beneath everything. The aristocratic Fulvio stumbles out of prison one day, feverish and exhausted, narrowly avoiding a grim fate at the hands of the state. His revolutionary comrades likewise almost behead him, thinking he had spilled all their secrets. When this is proved false, he is left to mend in the comfort of his big fancy bed in his big fancy mansion. And big fancy mansions - they are hard to say no to.
their vulnerable open-minded,
ones were on special at Superstore and who could resist on a Friday afternoon with a storm brewing outside? Not me, they bring a little sunshine to my life ;)
Both ANC secretary-general Gwede Mantashe and Government Communication and Information System (GCIS) head Jimmy Manyi have threatened retribution against Nedbank for Reuel Khoza's remarks — and to use taxpayers' money to do so. So now a major bank is going to lose government business because it has offended a political party.
And supper with a gf since I will be in town anyway!
In some respects it is difficult for me to feel sorry for the people of Wisconsin. Part of me says: You voted for the Republicans, now you are feeling the full impact of avarice and stupidity, brought to you by the Koch Brothers, “Buying Up America One State at a Time.” The activist part of me (the much larger part of me) says support the people of Wisconsin and encourage them to recall the very people they voted for during the mid-term elections. This latest move of stripping nearly all collective bargaining rights from public workers seems like something one would read from a history book, or a Steinbeck novel. Denying workers bargaining rights seems so unconscionable that I can’t imagine why more people are not enraged. I suppose rather than holding Walker and his Republican henchmen responsible, we could always just blame the unions (now eunuchs) and blame teachers. We all know how powerful and wealthy teachers are!
3. Visa status
anyway, good times!
“The sources in Pretoria, which has maintained regular contact with Col Gaddafi, said the South African government was hoping to arrange an exile, possibly to Venezuela, Russia or Cuba, and had a plane on standby in Tunisia (not Libya). That could mean the leader escaping trial at the International Criminal Court, to which neither Cuba nor Russia is a signatory.” - (Full report here)
I included two photos because the top one was taken with my Canon Elph, which has a much better resolution, while the second shot was taken with my I-phone, which was much truer to the actual color of the piece. What I really need to do is simply dust off the ol' Rebel, which has been sorely neglected, and use that camera to retake shots of all of my recent paintings. Perhaps this summer when I actually have some time to breathe.
After Monday evening`s spinning class, the instructor asked us to slow down and close our eyes. He said: “think about your workout today, think about this day. Have you reached your goals? If you did not, what happened? What can you change next time? How can you improve, what did you like or hate? ..”.
I apologize for the "deer in the headlights" look and the blurriness of the photo. Still need a digital camera, but my iPhone will have to do for now. Aubree is at that stage where I can't get her to sit still for a picture unless she can see herself on the screen-- and that usually results in funny faces anyway ;) The pants do seem to ride up a bit on the inseam, so next time I will have to remember to add a bit extra, but overall I am quite pleased as this was my first time attempting pants! (I did make a pair of boxer shorts for my mom in high school but that.... is another story!
Having been born during the Great Depression of the 1930s, I have now lived long enough to be in a new Depression. The irony is that both had their roots in government policies and, in both cases, were prolonged by government hostility to corporations, banks, and other generators of income and growth.
Since no website that I have found has all of these documents in one place (although this site comes close), and since the Catholic Defense Directory (where I used to house these links) is now in the midst of a transformation, I decided to post the following list of links on my blog.
Soooo...I'll keep working on it; apologies for any difficulty on your end.
“ANSWER THE DOOR, TIME IS NOT ON YOUR SIDE.”
This still needs to be soaked and thwacked to set the twist. Unless I plan to use the yarn right away, I let my spun yarn pile up for awhile. For those times people stress me out and I could use a good thwacking session to let me frustrations out. Heaven help the person that put me in such a state if they interrupt me, or they might find themselves being thwacked with the yarn. (Thwacking is the process of setting and smoothing the twist by smacking the wet yarn against a smooth hard surface.)
Not to make anyone jealous but we got 2 tents (one is 10x20!), a nice, large cooking stove with accessories, a kitchen complete with a kitchen sink :), a shower WITH hot water, a giant shade screen to fit around our picnic table and kitchen to avoid bugs, 2 double high air mattresses with sleeping bags that convert to a bed set so you aren't squished into a narrow sleeping bag, plus a host of other things. Yep I was going to be camping in style and getting prepared at the same time, or so I thought.
Government must be held accountable to justify that every regulation serves a purpose and is implemented in the most effective manner possible.
“Ladies and Gentlemen, before we get started I believe we have a few birthdays and anniversaries in this evening and I would like for you to join me in singing happy birthday. Before we do though I would like to read out the names.”
54 as of right now!
Cannot wait for school to end. Stay tuned next week for the final Baking Competition results.
This was going to be awesome. And I probably wouldn't die.
The first nails are Nailtini color in Stinger, a gorgeous duochrome that goes from teal to purple in the light. With an Inglot Flakie on top. Love this look! I am sporting it right now!
Gaul as a whole is divided into three parts, one of which the Belgians inhabit, another of which the Aquitani inhabit, and the third those people who are called Celts in their own language, in ours, Gauls. All three Gallic peoples differ from each other in language, customs, and laws. The Garone river divideds the Gauls from the Aquitani, the Matrona and Sequana divides them from the Belgians. Of all of these the Belgians are the bravest, especially because live the farthest away from the refinements of civilization of Provincia, and least often merchants travel to them and so sell them these things which tend to make characters womanish, and they are right next to the Germans, who live across the Rhine, with whom they continually wage war. For this reason the Helvetii surpass the rest of the Gauls in courage, because they battle with the Germans nearly everyday, when they keep them out of their own territory or they themselves wage war in their territory. One part, which it is said the Gauls occupy, takes its start from the Rhone river, is bounded by the Garone river, the Atlantic Ocean, the boundaries of the Belgians, touches also the Rhine river on the side of the Sequani and the Helvetii, and faces north. The Belgians arise from the outermost territory of Gaul, stretch to the lower part of the Rhine river, and face the north and east. Aquitania stretches from the Garone river to the Pyrrenees mountains and part of the Atlantic Ocean, which is near Spain, and faces between the west and the north. Among the Helvetians the nobilest and richest by far was Orgetorix. He, when Marcus Messala and Marcus Piso were counsels, influenced by a desire for power, formed a conspiracy of the nobles and persuaded the tribe to leave their territory with all of their supplies: he said it would be very easy to gain control of the rule of all of Gaul, since there were surpassed everyone in courage. He easily persuaded them of this, becuase on all sides the Helvetians are limited by the nature of their location: on one side by the widest and deepest part of the Rhine river, which divided Helvetium from the Germans, on another side by the highest part of the Jura mountains, which is between the Sequani and the Helvetians, and on the third side by the Lemannus lake and the Rhone river, which divides our province from the Helvetians. Because of these things it came about that they moved about less widels and less easily made war upon their neighbors; for this reason the men, eager for fighting, suffered from resentment. In relation to the population of men and in relation to the glory of battle and courage they thought that they had restrictive boundaries, which stretched 240 miles in lenght and 180 miles in width. Convinced by these things and aroused by the prestige of Orgetorix, they decided to prepare these things which were necessary for setting out, to buy as great a number as possible of oxen-teams and carts, to plant crops as large as possible, so that the supply of grain would be enough on the journey, and to strengthen peace and alliance with the nearby tribes. They thought that a two-year period was enough for them for accomplishing these things. Three years hence they strengthened their emigration by law. Orgetorix was elected to accomplish these things. He undertook the delegation to the tribes for himself. On this journey he persuaded Casticus, the son of Catamantaloedis of the Sequani, whose father held power among the Sequani for many years and was called a friend of the Roman people by the senate, to seize power in his own tribe, which his father had had before; likewise he persuaded Dumnorix of the Haedui, the brother of Dividiaci, who at that time held the chieftainship in the tribe and was most popular with the people, to try the same thing and to give his daughter in marriage to him. He judged that it was very easy for them to do, to accomplish these undertakings, especially because he himself would acquire control of his tribe; that there was no doubt but that the Helvetii would be the most powerful of all Gaul; that he with his own wealth and his own army guaranteed that he would get power for them. Convinced by this speech, they pledged their mutual loyalty by making solemn oaths and, they hoped that they could gain possession of all of Gaul once power had been seized through three of the most powerful and strongest peoples. This matter was reported to the Helvetians by declaration. According to their own customs they forced Orgetorix to plead his case under arrest.; it was appropriate for him, once convincted, to pay the penalty, to be cremated by fire. On the day determined for pleading his case, Orgetorix gathered to court all his family from everywhere, near 10,000 men, and all his clients and his debtors, of whom he had a great number, he brought to the same place. through them he escaped so as not to plead his case. When the tribe, roused on account of this thing, tried to carry out their law with weapons, and the magistrates compelled a crowd of men from the fields, Orgetorix died; nor was there lack of suspicion, as the Helvetii thought, but that he personally committed suicide. After his death nevertheless the Helvetii tried to do what they had decided upon, to leave their territory. When they already decided that they were ready for this thing, the set fire to all of their strongholds, 12 in number, and villages, 400 in number, and their remaining buildings, and they burned all their grain, except what they were ready to bring with them, so that, with the hope of a return home taken away, they might be more ready to undergo every danger; they ordered each person for himself to take out of his house a three-month supply of ground rations. They persuaded the neighboring Rauraci, the Tulingi, and the Latobici to set out with them, once their strongholds and villages had been burned down, and they summoned the Boii, who had lived across the Rhine and had crossed into the Noricum field and seized Noreia, welcomed to themselves as their allies. There were two ways by which they might leave their home: one through the Sequani, narrow and difficult, between the Jura mountain range and the Rhone river, by which carts in a single file would berely be led, and the mountain, on the other hand overhangs at its highest point, so that very few could block the way easily. the other through our province, by far easier and more convenient, especially because the Rhone river flows between the Helvetii and the Allobroges, who recently had been subdued in war, and it is crossed by the shallows in some places. The outermost stronghold of the Allobroges and next to the territory of the Helvetii is Geneva. From this stronghold a bridge stretched to the Helvetians. They thought that they would persuade the Allobroges, because they did not yet seem to be well disposed to the Roman people, or compel them by force to allow them to cross through their territory. After all the things had been prepared for their departure, they set a date, on which day all would come together at the bank of the Rhone river. This day was the fifth day before the April Kalends. When this had been announced to Caesar, that they were going to try to march through our province, he hurried to set out from the city and by marching as quickly as possible he made his way to Further Gaul and arrived at Geneva. He ordered as great a number of soldiers as possible from all of Provincia–there was in all one legion in Further Gaul–; he ordered the bridge, which was near Geneva, destroyed. When the Helvetians were informed of his arrival, they sent as representitives the noblest of the tribe to him, of this delegation Nammeius and Verucloetius held the highest rank, in order to say that they intended to march through the provinced with no mischief, especially because there was no other way: that they ask that they be allowed to do this with his permission. Caesar, because he remembered that Lucius Cassius the counsel had been killed by the Helvetii and his army routed and sent underneath the yoke, did not think it should be allowed; nor did he suppose that men of hostile disposition, once given the opportunity to march through the province, would restrain themselves from outrage and wrongdoing. Nevertheless, so that time could pass, until the soldiers, whom he had ordered, came together, he responded to the representitives that he would take a day for the purpose of thinking it over; that if they wanted anything, they should return on the Ides of April. Meanwhile with this legion, which he had with him, and the soldiers, who had come together from Provincia, from the Lamannus lake, which flows into the Rhone river, to the Jura mountains, which divides the territory of the Sequani from the Helvetians, he extended a wall 19 miles long and a ditch 16 feet in depth. Once this work had been completed, he posted watchguards, and armed watchtowers, the more easily in order the more easily to be able to hold them back, if, against his wishes, they should try to cross. When that day came which he decided upon with the representitives and the representitives returned to him, he said that he could not give the way to anyone through Provincia according to the custom and precedent of the Roman people, and, if they should try march by force, he would block their way. The Helvetii, disappointed of this expectation, once ships had been joined together and several rafts had been made, some in the shallows of the Rhone river, where the depth of the river was the shallowest, sometimes by day, more often by night, trying to find out if they could break through the defenses, driven back by the fortification of the work, the massing of the soldiers and their weapons, they stopped this attempt.
(And honestly, it's freeing up a lot more time to write. I have several ideas for new books and serieses that I think I'll finally have time to work on next year.)
In another epiphany
I've babbled enough. Now it's time to show you how to make miracles happen. To sponsor Judy, click the link: Judy's Terp Thon. If you do, I'll be indebted. Hopefully, your kid won't want much.
Ah, it's late, and there has been quite enough discussion about my digestive tract and the bowels of my family. To bed with my sandy, smelly self.
This is the case with the ring shout. Since black people have called dancing in the church “shouting.” It is believed that the word “shout” most likely comes from the Arabic word “shaw’t” meaning circumambulation of the Kaaba. The claim is that since Muslim West Africans couldn’t go to Mecca and walk around the sacred Kaaba site. These Africans created their own ritualistic way of performing the Hajj pilgrimage.
Sometimes I’m a little slow to get with it, chickadees.
The cost of living matters because:
at dinner with the wiatches (labusha, red...) earlier this week and the subject of orgasms came up. see, i've found that i'm pretty lucky in how my physiology's set up - i orgasm pretty easily and can hit a happy note with penetrative sex sans manual stimulation. ie, missionary isn't as dull for me as most.
Photos from Brooklyn Historical Society
THE OLYMPIC GAMES. I've written them on our calendar, just in case there was a danger of us missing them. We're pretty excited about watching many of our favourite sports (eg. gymnastics, swimming, diving, equestrian events) and being inspired by Paralympians.
Indeed, this is a real test for my nerves, especially after a tiring day at work. I am going through elementary school again and I have the same feelings as I used to when I was the student. What I am saying is that, after I finished school I kind of liked the winter and all that comes along. Now, when summer is over, I have a deep depression and feel like I have to go to school again.
CV: Well, it's all I know. I don't really know what it would be to do someone else's family, or some other such story. I have photographed some special people on assignment for magazines, for example I did a Newsweek cover story on men with Chronic Depression. That's just a few hours with a person.
Tomorrow is a great opportunity to practice some budget philanthropy by taking a guest to a museum. Not only do museums rock (and are sometimes expensive!) but by going you can learn one new thing about history and culture that might expand your horizons. Knowledge gives us the opportunity and desire to show more compassion and tolerance for our fellow roomies on this planet we call our home.
Looking past the hoodie, do you see someone's child?
bearing five others, by an exaggerated, excessive man
We don’t often think about the importance of this time as a memory boaster. Those of us whose cognitive abilities are swift and large, argue about the true significance and the power of the elements. Our members were eager to simply “remember” in a concrete, tangible way. I had explained to them that in the days of Jesus, there were no cell-phone cameras or videos. However, God again and again told His people: ”Remember.”
Oh yeah, and please excuse the squished boobs...Like I said yesterday, it is an extra large but in KIDS meaning boobless! haha
Add the drained rice and stir it in gently, so that all of the ingredients are well combined.
3 tablespoons vinegar (any combination of the following vinegars: red, white, champagne, sherry wine, or balsamic)
I had reached a point where I was surviving on two hours sleep a night for two years and we were literally taking shifts.
3 1/2 out of 5 – Positive role models – There are a lot of “pairings” in this book that represent how you should be loyal to others, and even in the fiercest of enemies, they make a good team. Phoney makes a surprising decision to become Gran’ma’s sidekick in warfare. Smiley is compassionate enough to bake a steaming quiche for a pair of rat creatures, definitely his nicest act toward the enemy I’ve read yet.
What did matter was the poem fragments she also dropped into the last half of the book:
Stay comfy, my friends.
I'll leave you with a pretty picture so you aren't too traumatized for visiting my blog today:
It was stuck in a little corner nest thing. It would flap frantically when it saw me but it couldn’t get away, and I was like OH NO! Whenever it stopped it was always hanging limp against the wall so I’m thinking oh God, somehow the nest twine stuff is caught around him. because how the hell else would he be hanging that way.. like if it was his feet then I’d think give up no flapping upside down.. but anyways.
The seventh is the story of the maker of idols, who casts bronze statues of gods for the temples, a trade that has been handed down from father to son for generations, but the idol maker’s own son does not want to follow in his father’s footsteps, and is more interested in becoming a computer engineer.
We have been asked to support mothers' rights in a similar case in Spain, that of Habiba and her daughter.
It's not enough that I thoroughly dislike this movie. Nope, that in itself would be far too easy. The plain fact of The Ice Pirates is that this is one of those many hundreds of movies released in the early Eighties that is so instantly forgettable and imminently disposable that it's impossible to feel anything but disdain for it.
Q: When do you think that you are an adult?
Well, that is not totally true. Our road to independence started with the British North America Act of 1867, but it resided in Britain and not in Canada. It was only in 1982 it was officially repatriated to Canada combined with our charter of rights. Obviously as a Canadian national Identity, we were not in a hurry to sever those apron strings to good old Britannia. Queen Elizabeth is still our recognized head of state.
The TV ad with Tharg floating down over London (yes, I really am that old! Amazing, isn't it?). I do remember suffering what I now know to be a Thrill Power Overload at the sight of dinosaurs and cowboys and Volgan invaders and the like too.
and removal of miscellaneous brackets and braces.
Sun sparkling on water. Weird light cast on walls and through windows in the house, on plants, through the bay window. An eastern amberwing skimming the surface of the lake down the hill, where I’m still, before swimming on. Swimming into the V of a setting sun in any kind of water. Making jewelry for friends and giving each piece a poetry name.
I am passionate about leading a natural, conscious and sustainable life. Our home is chemical free and we are an organic fair-trade wholefood family, who tries to do our bit for the environment. I love secondhand wares and visit ‘op shops’ weekly searching for things I can repurpose. There is something very satisfying about making use of something that has so much history inside of it!
Well. I thought I knew just about everything about my horse. I've had him for over 10 years for goodness sakes. But I learned something new. When my horse shuts down mentally because he is afraid, he flies backwards at about 15 mph. Which is a LOT faster than you'd think.
Add the coconut milk, fish stock, and fish sauce and bring to a boil.
I glanced in the rear view mirror at my beautiful 7 year old daughter and noticed that she was smiling as she looked out the window. Peace and joy were written all over her face. She was shining from the inside out. Nevaeh had conquered something much greater than her fear of the monkey bars....she had decided that if she could not do it, then she would reach out to someone and hold their feet so they would not be afraid and cheer them on.
NailPolishDirect is a good online shop, and I would recommend it to those of you who are looking for pretty and inexpensive polishes!
14. . . buy my husband a monkey and then give it away when I get jealous & think he loves it more than me.
Because of her popularity with the press, Rogers’ death became front page news in all the New York City newspapers. Members of the press cast suspicion on her fiancée Daniel Payne, who had told the police that on the day of Roger’s disappearance, he had visited his brother and had spent the day bouncing to and from several bars and restaurants. To prove his innocence, Payne, produced sworn affidavits from witnesses, saying he was indeed where he said he was on the day Rogers’ disappeared.
I will try not to give so many details away…so hang with me on this! LOL
Pursuing new interests, further developing passions, and setting goals. Three expressions of a creative heart that is realizing the world of writing has infinite possibility and can be encountered. I have set out to build a wordpress archive to practice describing life stories, expounding on my own thoughts and wonderment, and to learn how to write for children. The organization of my ‘blog’ will come together eventually, but for now its a melting pot of posts, links, quotes, and hopefully will not get to out of hand.
Cameron took the three-mile journey on a rainy Saturday morning alongside cancer survivors, family members of those who have lost the battle and those who are in support of finding a cure to the life-threatening disease.
"Jelly Jelly Blues"
I have learned small things about myself on vacation. I like to walk to town for the paper and coffee and bread. That fresh blueberries are delicious. That having music on during the day is delightful. Being away is wonderful in its own right, but the best of it is coming back better.
Here are some pics. Even though I took my fancy camera, the lighting made it quite tricky. I don't have all the names of the contestants either, so I'll add them as I find out!
Instead of having seminars over multiple days, this mini Tales had you choose 3 seminars all on the same day. Here's what I went to on Monday March 14th.
The decorations in our house are down; the Christmas markets have been dismantled; and yet yesterday, for one day only, it was Christmas once again. For finally our big, annual box of Christmas goodies arrived. And there's nothing more fun than opening a giant box of presents you have already opened when you haven't seen them but have longed for them for ages* (*or just over a week which can seem like ages to a 3 and 4 year old.).
Then, we walked through Central Market heading to Jalan Tun Perak via HSBC building. As we arrived at the junction at HSBC, few dozens of policemen already cordonned off the area.
I guess one of the things about being 49 is that there are some very grown up situations to deal with. Aging parents isn't something one plans to face but face it we must. I am getting older, so is my husband and boys. My eldest son leaves school this year. Its all moving on and changing. All of a sudden the wrinkles are there.
So now, let's actually talk about sexiness in Kpop videos, instead of inventing fictions, justifications, and fishy discourses that excuse ourselves from having to admit what the video, and these kpop bands' sculpted images, are really about.
H)Happiness
The writer of this huge project, Bob Shannon, wrote that he had to put this entire program together in four months and had difficulty deciding who he would interview for the personal recolletions. In the end, he picked the prefect subjects -- just plain folks that he found in malls, schools, even nursing homes.
Work has been mad since we’ve been back, parents evening and reports due for last week! Finally been able to breathe this weekend and have enjoyed a good old crafternoon!
There are few believers who are not looking for the Second Coming of Jesus Christ. But many are looking for the wrong coming. Look at Acts 1:11,12 and we will consider His return to earth, the Hope of Israel and the Hope of theKingdomofHeavenon earth.
I colored the image with prismacolor pencils and gamsol. Layered it over some marina mist cardstock and a spellbinders rectangle die. Used a Cherry Lynn flourish die under that panel and then another marina mist panel with designer paper.
Bright Red Cardinal! (Up----Down)
We took the girls to a playground in the shopping centre. We ran into a friend of a friend who had had her babies at home in New Zealand. When Sazz went to the toilets I said “but who will catch the baby?” turned to face this friend of a friend and jokingly asked “you’ll catch the baby, right?” She didn’t think it was that funny.
So I am stuck. When is the 'right' time to have a baby. If there is something I have learned from infertility is that I have NO control over when I will have a baby. So why am I even asking myself when?
“Ya, and she’s also very pretty.”
CHRISTINI AB, SHUTT KA, BYERS KE. Influenza vaccination rates and motivators among healthcare workers groups. Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol 2007; 28: 171-177.
Or in other words, the world needs consciousness. What if everyone stopped what they were doing, took a deep breath and looked around. Even if it was only for an instant, at that time there would be no wars, no hatred, nothing we label as negative. There would only be consciousness.
*Not on broadcast
When Grace awakens, she's no longer in her own body. As she roams the hospital hallway, she finds that her daughter, Jenny, is having the same experience. Grace learns that she has suffered irreversible brain damage, and Jenny has severe burns all over her body and face. The prognosis for both of them is bleak and to further complicate matters, arson is the suspected cause of the fire.
I don’t care about the topic. I care about the editing. I care about the constant refinement and compression. I care about taking three pages and turning it one page. Then from one page into three paragraphs. Then from three paragraphs into one paragraph. And finally, from one paragraph into one perfectly distilled sentence.
Notification
- When these prophecies were first delivered, concerning the ruin of Babylon, of Idumea, and of other nations, which were devoted to destruction by the Almighty for their iniquities; the prophets speak of these calamities, in the high wrought language, familiar to the Eastern nations, and they could only be understood figuratively of what was to happen to them. In their literal sense, the Sun and moon and stars continued to shine as before, without any essential alteration in them; nor can it be made to appear, that the prophets had any allusion to a literal completion of the dissolution of these powers; it being their frequent practice to speak in a metaphorical, without regarding the literal sense of their expressions.
Ha! I forgot what my point is now. Perhaps I jest needed to write this to remind myself why I'm fightin' to begin with. Yeah. I need these reminders sometimes.
Sweet crumble crust with wholesome portions of caramelised apples.
Tawnya giggled. She laughed at all of Taylor’s attempts at humor, even when they weren’t always that funny.
Your virtual office operator can answer the phone on your behalf, put clients through to your voicemail and forward recorded messages via email if desired. Storing up to 30 messages a month, your voicemail service is certain have enough space to store vital messages even if you don’t check it every day. It’s an ideal solution for start-ups, remote corporate branches and road warriors, as it enables you to respond to your clients from literally anywhere.
Stranglers Walk on by UK
To make the crust: Spray a 9-inch square baking pan with cooking spray. Line the pan with aluminum foil, leaving an overhang on opposite sides to lift the bars out after they've baked. Spray the aluminum foil with cooking spray.
The sentiment is from Unity and I LOVE it, but it is kind of hard to read. It says "may flowers always line your path and sunshine light your day". ALL papers and the flower center are from CTMH. All 3 die sets.... the ovals, the flowers and the tags are Spellbinders and Sean is colored with Copics.
I got an inquiry the SAME DAY I signed up, and have had people staying with me every weekend since I joined. I’ve got someone coming soon to stay for a week while she shops at Brimfield, and I have a gal staying for nearly the whole month of June while she works on installing an art project at the Springfield Museums (next to my house). It is soooo cool! I’ve met some great people and have already made over $500. It’s crazy! I never would have thought people would pay to stay in my house!
Can you tell that I am just bursting with happiness ! It is true, I have never had new furniture until lately. I love it.
Put the sugarcube on a paper napkin or bit of kitchen roll before dropping the Bitters onto it - I find that if you lob the sugar in the glass first, it's all too easy to end up with a great, overpowering lug of Angostura. Drop it into a champagne flute and add 2 teaspoons of Remy Martin and one of Grand Marnier. Top up with Laurent Perrier (Claridges house champagne), and then pare a slice of orange peel over the glass so the oil adds a tiny hint of citrus.
Immediately before coming forward to receive the Lord in Holy Communion, we welcome the Lord:
This is one of those unassuming books that actually far exceeded my expectations. Rather overlooked in the current wave of YA paranormal and dystopian fiction, this is the kind of novel that can be enjoyed by the full sweep of the YA target audience, and is a proper little page-turner to boot.
Van Hoek succeeds James R. Neuhard, who retired on Jan. 3, 2011.
jiplp is the blog of the leading Oxford University Press monthly publication, The Journal of Intellectual Property Law and Practice (JIPLP), which IPKat team member Jeremy (http://jiplp.blogspot.com/) edits, with fellow Kats Birgit and Neil on the editorial board. As of today, this blog has 648 email subscribers and a searchable database of 263 items. This blog's content includes Current Intelligence notes, book reviews, requests for articles on specific topics and guidance as to how to write (or not to write) good IP articles.
It’s Alanna’s struggles as much as her adventures, that make this such an enduring story for me. This is a fantastic adventure story all around, of fighting bullies and mages, and demons—but all of Alanna’s triumphs are rooted in the work and study she puts in, day and night, studying and practicing, and practicing, and practicing, to be the best. Because, while Alanna has a natural aptitude for most of the knightly skills she learns, she quickly finds that there are older and bigger boys who have already learned what she is learning now, and she can’t just rely on her natural aptitude if she wants to be the best. I find myself motivated and excited and energized every time I read Alanna’s story—wanting to go out and have my own adventures, to travel the world, to learn new things.
I have found them now.
Which is a slightly non-literal translation of what you get when your eight year old puts Journey’s "Wheel in the Sky" (video) on “repeat one” in his CD player.
New queens are being reared in mating nucleus hives as shown in today’s picture. The queens emerge as adults on day 16 after rapidly progressing through the stages of egg, larva, and pupa. After waiting five or six days in the hive in which their reproductive organs continue to develop, virgin queens make mating flights. It is important that the queens return to their own hive; they will be killed if they wander into another hive. The beekeeper can help insure the queens find their proper hive by randomly placing the hives and altering the hives’ appearance with paint color and patterns. Hives here are pointed in opposite directions to allow virgin queens to orient toward a particular mating nucleus hive. After the queens return from their mating flights, they wait another five or six days while their reproductive organs continue developing before they begin laying eggs. Feeding the mating nucleus colonies throughout the two weeks of development after the queen’s emergence is important. A strong nectar flow also helps ensure the queens receive adequate nutrition during their development.
Born to Protestant parents, Mademoiselle de la Force found it too dangerous to retain that faith at the intolerant court of the Sun King, Louis XIV, who denied Protestants religious and political freedom and pursued policies of persection and forcible conversion.
Tada!:
The new trailer, unveiled Wednesday, February 29, exclusively on iTunes, gives fans an exciting look at “Marvel’s The Avengers”—an action adventure of a lifetime—based on the ever-popular Marvel comic book series “The Avengers,” first published in 1963 and a comics institution ever since.
i vow to not compare myself to anyone else.
This time we want to see.....
When I first read this, I thought it might be another brilliant piece of spin to keep the ‘Cockgate’ saga spinning even longer but, no, I spoke to Bob Slayer and it was genuine; he was very upset.
The fragrance, “Snooki” by Nicole Polizzi, is a 3.3 Fl bottle and comes with an animal print black and pink tote. The line showcases various styles of sunglasses ranging from $20.00 to $30.00; Handbags from $34.99 to $69.00; Crocodilly from $19.90 to $34.90 and finally “Sneaker” slippers at $29.00.
The paperback edition of my historical novel Troubadour comes out in the UK tomorrow with this rather gorgeous image on the jacket.
We want to build doable plans:
For centuries the caterpillars of Twig Valley have lived with a Dark Cloud over the land. For as long as anyone can remember, no caterpillar has ever become a butterfly. In fact, no one thinks about being anything more than a bug that crawls in the dust of the ground.
*Pearls from Queen & Co.
move on, on our bilateral relationships. We have seen all over our
The EPA and Corps have published new regulations expanding the term “Navigable” so it could cover a bird feeder in your back yard. Don’t let the EPA and Corps get away with expanding their own jurisdiction and undermining the limits Congress placed on them by limiting their Jurisdiction to “Navigable Waters” in the Clean Water Act.
once we got into rome we navigated our way to the vatican city, just a few blocks from the train station.
Look at the above photo. A recipe for disaster, no? It didn’t look good. And then, it looked even worse.
Round 4 (121)
"No," I sobbed back. "I'm crying because Leonardo DiCaprio doesn't know who I am!"
i have great news! :) the Waja’s finally back from its five-weeks rehab session in the car workshop after my stupid accident (bmw driver, i still hate you). the car is back! the car is BACK :) i cannot express my utter relief. although i made a vow not to drive the waja at least six months after my accident. the vow still stands. … and then me, mom, jean and lis dropped by the mall for a movie. yeah i know. a movie. the last time we all went to watch a movie together, it was the third LOTR and i was like, 13. … oh! and i also went shopping. no need to list down my purchases, because, really, who wants to hear about my new black thong heels and oversized beige long-sleeved tee and make-up right? :) … oh oh! and i also got books! like five new books. like two from Jane Austen, and The Diary of a Young Girl by Anna Frank, and a pulitzer prize winning novel by Frank McCourt and another book about, idk, chinese girls. :D
Meanwhile the Sustainability Consortium may be set to play a key role here. Their challenge, as with all such groups, is not to become mired in what I call "lowest common denominator syndrome". To think about that another way: an army marches at the pace of it's slowest soldier.
My second card today includes the cute little birdie on the fence image and a sentiment from the new diners club set. Once again, I used the pattern paper from the My Mind's Eye Bright Side collection. I also added some Sparkly Fluff to the birdie on the fence (Baby Boy Blue and Breezy Blue).
So long story short, don’t be creepy. Stick to your target audience.
I do like Red! said the Yellow
Big changes are happening..
For fans of: Dirty Projectors, The Books, Braids
File size: 46Mb
“The guy I liked was away for the summer and you had just met yours and we made a pact to win their hearts. And we did,” I added somewhat triumphantly. “And since then my whole life plan has changed so many times, I’ve had a few other boyfriends and a ridiculously long relationship with a boy I lived with, and now I’ve no idea what I want to do with my life. You also broke up with your guy and you’ve been around the world and you’re moving to Australia next week.”
In a mad world, only the mad are sane. - Akira Kurosawa
DUMB
Google is NOT the place to look for a publisher. Think about your goals: If your main goal is to get a book published and actually see it in Barnes & Noble, then go to Barnes & Noble. (No, I'm not speaking metaphorically. I literally mean: just go there. It's the least you can do if this is your big goal.)
A great way to start recording local bands and on the day I got some of the cream of Brisbane's bands at the time.
With 240hp and AWD the Boxster E makes the 0-60 dash in 5.3 seconds, it uses twin electric motors and has a 29 kWh battery system mounted behind the seats, offering ideal weight distribution. Porsche hasn’t revealed the top speed, range or charge time specifications for the car as Porsche is staying tight lipped about it, not uncommon when it comes to test-bed cars.
In a few weeks I'll be delivering a baby shower cake to my cousin. To match her theme, I wanted a tool that could make a texture similar to ribbed ribbon. When I was a teenager, I used to work at Joann Fabrics ... moms would come in and buy ribbed ribbon in all kinds of sizes and colors for hair bows (typically for cheerleaders ... I don't know what that was about though). That's what I want my next loopy bow to look like.
So I thought I would share two bentos with you today. One I made before our broadcast last weekend at the Sonoma Marin Fair, and the other was a bento I brought to work with me yesterday. See if you can tell the difference...
Level 4: MP Cost: 15, Attacks up to 4 enemies 3 times, Damage: 198%, 2% chance to stun the enemy for 1 seconds.
And snaps
be done according to the following script:
I had brought my mare home last weekend and she needed her feet done again before any more work was to happen with her. I managed to work in 3 rides at the other facility while she was out. She is definitely a horse that is going to teach me a lot about riding as I will be bringing her along under saddle. I find myself telling her with each ride- "This is not all about you, you know. I need to work on things too." I have issues with my riding as we all do. Fix one thing and something else needs work.
Knead by hand for 5 minutes on floured surface. Transfer onto greased and covered bowl. Let rise into doubled for an hour.
The night is warm; the company is built for me and you.
Stranger Tides is an odd shade.. kind of a mix of kahki and gray? I don't even know how to describe it. I'm not so sure I like this one as it seems kind of reminiscent to zombie nails... or what I would guess a zombie's nails would look like. I can't see me getting a lot of wear out of this one, so I am glad that this is a mini.
“Perhaps we have more experience?” They all shrugged and picked up their pace. All five of them. They stepped forward slowly, but purposefully. Five sets of eyes stared at Big Chief Boulder; five pairs of lips pouted in concentration; ten feet shuffled from side to side as John and his friends studied the boulder that once was the favorite meeting spot for Cochise, the famous chief.
- Toxic substances such as alcohol, cigarettes, white sugar and flour, sodas, artificial sweeteners and caffeine.
What a revelation! As the delicate flavours exploded (you wouldn’t think that “delicate” flavours could “explode” but I’m telling you, THEY DID) across my palate, I realized I was hooked. One humble oyster changed my world.
Draw (and color) the ingredients into each box of Pizza Topping key then carefully glue Pizza Topping key onto the side of the paper. Glue "My Perfect Pizza" title to the top of the paper. Alternative: If you do not download the Pizza Topping key and My Perfect Pizza title, students can hand draw a key and title like the one in my example.
I Kuthumi and Lord Hilarion come to share with you knowledge, peace and love. We here are all aware of the stirrings of the great energy Gaia ( Earth) as she seeks to cleanse old energies, and prepare for the new. This is similar to what mankind must also undertake. Some have begun, some are merely thinking about the whole idea, others have completed, let go and are ready and waiting to step into the new energy fields almost upon you. Lord Hilarion will continue.
Me: do you feel unwell?
1/2 tsp dried parsley
These beautiful rustic French shutters also came from Debbie, and I am hoping that hubby can do something with them so I can use them for a display prop on my stand at future fairs.
glory bushes moved from the back
As ever, if anyone knows the story behind the band Footsie (who I suspect were just some session folk) and the odd label Tangsong, please do drop me a line.
Dr. Scott Earle’s love of mountains dates from World War II service in the Army’s 10th Mountain Division in Camp Hale, Colorado. Following World War II, he attended medical school and subsequently trained as a surgeon. Dr. Earle practiced surgery in Sun Valley, Idaho, for more than a decade, then accepted an appointment to the faculty of Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine in Cleveland. He spends much of the year in the mountains of Idaho. A lifelong love of nature, mountains and photography is reflected in this book.
“Hey, Passion Fruit, where’s your bitch?” cried a cheeky monkey from the tree tops.
Jane C. Folger, 73, Bayonne, N.J.
Smelled like cumin and curry with a hint of coconut. Really strong cumin smell. I like cumin, but it was still a bit off putting as it's not a smell normally associated with a beer. Luckily, the flavor wasn't dominated by the cumin but instead by coconut with some chocolate and roast from the base stout. There was a little hint of lime and the finish had some cumin in it but at that point it blended well with the rest unlike the nose. As I drank more, my lips started tingling a bit which was a result of the cayenne pepper in the beer. It's not something you notice flavor wise as there's no spiciness, but it still manages to make its presence known.
omnibus bill as President to complete 2009.
All the baby mamas (all the baby mamas)
Worship: Surrendering the Body
Data provided as a service was at first primarily used in web mashups, but now is being increasingly employed both commercially and,
Please keep in mind, it's going to look different on every screen! Lesson learned!
Bobcat – Fedco makes this one sound good, reviews on the internet make it sound boring and California tomato-like. We’ll see.
“Whom were you speaking to last night?” Sufi broke into her thoughts.
I got an email from a reader questioning my choice to take two of my daughters for pedicures on their day off yesterday. I just want to take a moment to assure you that I'm not squandering money on spa days. The little nail salon by me offers specials on Mondays and I really wanted to do something special for Lexi especially, who breaks down crying several times a week, but won't complain or ask for a thing. Yes, I'm aware that I can spend special time with my kids without spending even the little bit that the pedicures cost. But sometimes, a little something that puts a smile on my kids' faces in the midst of turmoil and pain is worth more than you might imagine. And, in case anyone was wondering, I've gotten many gift cards for restaurants and stores, as well as donations of money, with the instructions, "Please use this to do a little something for your kids", or "Please use this to put a smile on the kids' faces and add a little fun back into their lives."
In Dearborn Mich., a Detroit suburb known for its concentration of Muslim Americans, anti-Islam leaders from around the country are gathering to discuss how to rescue women from that faith. The "Jessica Mokdad Human Rights Conference on Honor Killings" on Sunday is named for a local Muslim woman murdered one year ago.
DO NOT EXPECT HELP FROM ANYONE THAT HATED YOU ALL ALONG.
Long term the most important aspect of a business is not how big it has become, but how profitable it is. In that regard Amazon is the odd one out. Their operating income last quarter was about 1% of revenue. Amazon needs to move $100 worth of goods to earn $1. They employ 65,000 people and had revenue of $13.2b last quarter, yet only earned $130m during that time! Apple earns more money just with their iPad covers! Amazon’s strategy is to subsidize the initial Kindle Fire sale and hoping to make money on the additional purchases over the lifetime of the product. In light of these numbers, do you think Amazon has a future with it’s Kindle Fire tablet against the iPad?
If she wears black,
My dad took the photos up in the hills, and we tried to contrast the shape of the dress with stright things (such as the road and horizon) as well as the twisted elements of nature.
According to the 'believers' the CO2 in air has risen from .034% to .038% in air over the last 50 years.
The recipe for Panforte is one of those controversial ones. The reason being that the Tuscan confectioners from Siena would rather set they hair on fire than share their century-old knowledge.
Crickets book offers "Make a Cricket's Song" where we are encouraged to rub a comb with a stick to "sing" like a cricket - i.e., make the sound the crickets make by rubbing one wing against the ridge on the other wing. Which Oggie did with unbridled joy.
“America produced a political system that is burdened and slowed down by a game of opposing powers,” said Navorro-Valls, who noted that this was intentional on the part of the Founding Fathers who had “fears of kings and tyrants.”
Now I live here, San Francisco. I still feel uncomfortable and unsure of myself at times, as the city continues to stretch me and force me to grow. But I am living the dream of my imagined life. This life is full of challenging work, in a city ripe with possibilities, surrounded by an ever expanding band of friends and colleagues that challenge me to become my best self.
My Islam is William S. Burroughs shooting his shotgun into paintings
What do I have but some mealy-mouthed sonnets
Primitive Culture: Xander's amazing photographs and equally fascinating narratives make me want to follow in his tracks wherever he goes.
Several former Goldman executives hold senior positions in the Obama administration, including Gary Gensler, the chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission; Mark Patterson, a former Goldman lobbyist who is chief of staff to Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner; and Robert Hormats, the undersecretary of state for economic, energy and agricultural affairs.
was signed in January 2008 at the
That must be relaxing
Saurel-Cubizolles MJ, Kaminski M. Work in pregnancy: its evolving relationship with perinatal outcome (A review). Soc Sci Med 1986; 22: 431-442.
Moby while awake - she can peek around and see what's going on:
well thank you for the compliment but obviously you dont see what is shoved tightly in my jeans.. Then she goes on to tell me she would like to get a boob lift, but if she did, the girls would be hoisted up and then she would definitely need a tummy tuck..
I remembered that no matter how much water I drink I get easily get dehydrated and shouldn’t drink wine those nights. See that Chardonnay hiding behind the paper towels? It haunted me the next day.
Viktoria has a wonderful life now and a fantastic loving husband. She helped me separate a lot of Idema’s so called true stories and made me see the lies. The Sixth Pillar was originally, to be completed and given to Mimi Strong back in 2006. That fell through and Jack & I were going to do it alone. As I said earlier, while we were working on the book, I had reservations because Jack and I knew that it was exaggerated to say the least. The emails that he wanted to include from Donald Rumsfeld & William Boykin were fraudulent and although he did write & send them, they never were replied to. He was going to add phony responses and I was not comfortable with any of that. He thought because The Hunt for Bin Laden was such a huge success, this follow-up book would be of the same magnitude, if not bigger. That was then but this is now. Again, I am not addressing any of this rough draft now. It is froth with superficiality that shines through the first paragraph. Not to mention some of these photos. The thing about Jack was this: he seemed to know a little something about everything or so it appeared that way. He was the undisputed king of information manipulation and was quite convincing
I just don't know. I do know, however, that I'm tired of having the same conversation over and over. So much today's brand and blogger discussions are simply a rehash of the discussion that took place yesterday and the week before and so on back to about 2008.
You are very welcome.
Public outrage broke out after a picture was posted online on April 21 of a dog being dragged along a highway by its leash tied to the rear of a car.
We now carry an extra bit of kit… rope! Tee hee.
They think I don’t know that they gradually increased the volume of water I carry on a walk – but of course I do! I now carry two litres and I am really proud to do so.
Remove from oven and cool on wire racks to store for up to 3 days well wrapped in the refrigerator or up to 1 month in the freezer.
I am a fool. I, probably like a lot of people, thought your advice did not apply to me. More accurately, I did not think all of your advice applied to me. I didn’t think I really needed to read through all of the query shark posts before shooting my query off to you. So I read about half, rewrote, and then sent it off. As I waited I continued to read, and I learned so much more.
Side One:
3) Nuggets - RM10.99 per bag, and I have 5 pieces, i.e. approx RM2.00
I'm no Paul Krugland, mind you, but I've read enough history to predict what happens to a society that engages in massive, unchecked money-printing operations.
But with a conservative titular head of the party? Not as much money.
Well, not much else is going on at the moment, I’m thinking I’ll post another update video soon, so be sure you’re tuned into http://www.YouTube.com/EbenloPainterofsong if you want to check it out.
of sun against sea water,
There were some restrictions to my wanderings. On my walks to school I was not permitted to take the shortcut down a wooded stretch of the municipal bike path (a rule that I observed faithfully for my first few years of elementary school but eventually came to interpret as more of an advisory.)
The birds soaring skyward in “Released Spirit” pay tribute to a departed friend. The dress form becomes a bird cage with the birds or spirits rising from its perimeter.
That’s it for Part 1. Next up is Part 2: All About the Chimes.
I decided to get creative with the leftovers of the rainbow cake... instead of doing the mini cupcake rainbow I had planned. It worked out SO well and I don't think it turned out too bad.
Engaging Facebook fans and building visibility within this burgeoning social network was the focus of a recent PR Newswire educational webinar featuring Ekaterina Walter, social media strategist at Intel. The presentation was loaded with tactical advice, and framed by two important ideas:
Using a large (#10) ice cream scoop, scoop 6 dough rounds onto the prepared sheet. If you don’t have a ice cream scoop, do your best to divide into 6 even pieces and use your hands to gently form into semispherical shapes. Brush the tops with melted butter and sprinkle with granulated sugar. Bake until golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes, rotating the baking sheet halfway through the baking time. I would start checking at about 20 minutes. Cool the shortcakes on baking sheet x 10 minutes. (Cooled shortcakes can be wrapped tightly in plastic wrap and kept on the counter for up to 24 hours.
1 can diced roma tomatoes
541320 Landscape architecture services
Took back mango drink with hashima - a great day I had that made me really happy :-)
Burr cup (to file end of ear wires smooth)
Yeah Yeah Not
XIV.
I am not sure if it/she ever made any sounds, I am guessing that it/she was mentally communicating with/leading/controlling the zombie-like beings with it/her mind, and it/she look powerful; and I was glad that it/she did not see me.
Title: DiamondBlack
Why can't I get your perfect, creamy, chocolate goodness out of my mind?
I believe these are from a real estate listing, which is why I'm assuming she has moved.
“We emphasized on the differentiation. The song in itself has an imposing feeling, so we thought that the performance should be big and bold too. We practiced for around a month but that’s without counting the sleeping time and eating time, it’s really only dancing. When practicing and on stage too, Kai caught well the balance in the center.”(Suho)
Among the multiple indicators that I monitor for gold, there really isn’t a clear consensus. Most of the noteworthy measures of gold sentiment are lukewarm or still too optimistic. The one glaring exception is the behavior of the Rydex traders.
I'm so jealous for anyone that can score a copy of Bloodlines, the spin off series to VA! I am mostly looking forward to chatting with all the bloggers! There's so much you can talk about with your friends about books! I can't wait! Oh and the Tuesday posts, discovering everyone's favourite books will be so so awesome!
Finally, what does the future hold for the Indelicates?
Please comment.
Fleming took the name for his character from that of the American ornithologist James Bond, a Caribbean bird expert and author of the definitive field guide, "Birds of the West Indies"; Fleming, a keen birdwatcher himself, had a copy of Bond's guide and he later explained to the ornithologist’s wife that "It struck me that this brief, unromantic, Anglo-Saxon and yet very masculine name was just what I needed, and so a second James Bond was born". He further explained that: When I wrote the first one in 1953, I wanted Bond to be an extremely dull, uninteresting man to whom things happened; I wanted him to be a blunt instrument...when I was casting around for a name for my protagonist I thought by God, (James Bond) is the dullest name I ever heard. —Ian Fleming, The New Yorker, 21 April 1962
The main giveaway for these fantastic prizes will be held on the three host blogs and we will also feature a linky so that readers can hop to enter all the other giveaways on participating blogs. Reader entries will start on November 1st and go through November 25th.
When holidays or special occasions roll around, finding the perfect dress or outfit is always a high priority for me. For Christmas, Easter, Weddings - there are a lot of options out there as to where to shop. I always struggle with wanting high quality for a low cost.
The fear of failure can also show up as procrastination but it has its roots in self–deprecation, lack of confidence and low self esteem. These people have trouble even getting their thoughts around what they want off the ground. They are always looking to others for permission. If you are one of these people it is best for you to start with baby steps, small bids for power that you can commit to, and to stop comparing yourself to others.
So kids remember don’t drink and certainly don’t do drugs. Don’t forget to follow my outstanding example in abstaining from substance abuse.
I think I would have been in heaven with a canopy bed like the
If you need proof that Tumblr is going mainstream - newspapers and magazines like The Atlantic, Rolling Stone, The New York Times, and Newsweek already have their official tumblr accounts sorted. One point to note: Tumblr users are mainly interested in high quality pictures as opposed to text, so make sure you're always uploading visually aesthetic images with a high resolution.
When they have learned something
The idea of writing a letter to your former teenage self is such a unique way to reflect on what was most likely a time of self doubt and self-absorption and reflect on all of the lessons you’ve learned since then.
***Remember if you do 5 cards this month following the challenge, your name will go into a draw for the above prize at the end of February! (this challenge CAN be combined with any other blog or forum challenges that you do this month.)
Today we have the Cornered Jack Warner, the UNC Chairman who is being ignored and left out of all UNC matters, pledging to have Kamla’s back. While the nation waits patiently for him to get the axe!
So tonight I was happy I was going to see you. I carried that clear through until we sat down, and then I started to get angry and sad again.
Friday night we are grilling up some chicken breasts marinated in a sesame ginger marinade along with rice and salad. One of our favs.
Mash’Allah la quwwata illa billah! (WHATEVER ALLAH (GOD) WILLS. THERE IS NO POWER EXCEPT FROM ALLAH)
Vickers, 82, had not been seen for a long time. A neighbor discovered her body in an upstairs room of her Westwanda Drive home on April 27. Its mummified state suggests she could have been dead for close to a year, police said.
...of making my dog pee upon eye contact. I can't even look the little guy when I walk into a room he happens to be in or it's belly up and old faithful time. It's not funny. He pees on anyone who gives him attention he's not finicky, an equal opportunity pee'er if you will. But for some reason, all I have to do is turn my head in his general direction and it's off to see the whizzard! I have to be in the room with him for at least five full minutes before I can pet the dude. Submissive much?
Which was the purpose of our visit, by the way. We have reviewed many beers, but there are several gaps, especially when it comes to Indiana beers. We plan to start rectifying that, and on this night, it was a good start.
Option #3 is black. We have black on the pillow, and the mirror to the left. We also have a flat screen TV hanging on the opposite wall that is black. There is some black in the panel on the curtains as well.
but at the end of the day,
The first is “I am with you”, the second is “grow up”.
It isn’t always easy as my ego fights me many days. “Smug” as I call her will say you meditated yesterday, you can take a day off. “Smug” gets me into trouble and I have to say to her sit and stay at bay. After one class I spoke with one of the other students that I had grown to admire. She and I talked about the benefits of the class. We listened more and both had felt the calming effects of meditation. She told me too that all of her life she could read people but she had been recently blocked. She enrolled in the class to unblock this skill of hers and it was working. She specifically said “I read people, I’m a people reader.” For whatever reason that sentence has stayed with me. I am not sure if I want to read people although it would be helpful, I’m sure.
Philip Kingsley Elasticizer ($42.50)
I had already read a couple of articles about Hunt's UFO movie in Starlog, and its plot, with warring alien races, extraterrestrial abductions, undersea pyramids (in the Bermuda Triangle, no less!), and flying saucer space battles, pushed all the right buttons in my Star Kid brain.
“There is a storm coming,” says Selina Kyle to Bruce Wayne as the trailer opens up. When Wayne comments that she seems to be looking forward to the storm, Selina replies, “I’m adaptable.”
Changed the diapers. (ready to have children one day)
In terms of strategic (social world bound rationality) actions, things are obviously a bit more complicated when trying to judge whose rationality is better, or are they really? The survival chances of the individual amid the inevitable Darwinian power struggles within a group are infinitely higher when the excesses of the aforementioned are mediated through consciously created institutions (e.g. the Rule of Law) that are not bound to the claims to power of any other individual. That this is obviously not the case in Noble Savage societies is glaringly evident. When tribal kings (like Mandela’s friend, Robert Mugabe) kill their fellow countrymen in order to survive, then their actions are strategically rational – no argument about that. But seeing that we can safely assume that the innocent person to be killed (e.g. the ‘witch’ in my example) has also been amply endowed with the normal Darwinian survival instincts, it would be irrational of her/him not to take adequate strategic actions to ensure his/her continued survival. Without stepping into the field of morality; if non-ruling Noble Savage individuals had acted rationally, according to my notion of ‘survivability’, then a sort of ‘French Revolution’ would’ve been inevitable – something sadly lacking in all Noble Savage societies. In short; in terms of strategic actions, Noble Savage rulers are rational but their followers aren’t. To summarize; Noble Savage societies are ‘less’ rational than Western societies when it comes to engendering successful ‘survivability’ through instrumental and well as strategic actions. So much for much-vaunted Noble Savage superiority!
Sufjan Stevens--To Be Alone With You
It's the only routine he knew. Seeking attention. Preying for victims. Spying on someone else's Achilles' spot. Never mind the outwardly physique, it is the true psyche that matters most. And for that, he plainly lost. He will never get rid of his own murky shadows.
Anyhow, I've been seeing them make a comeback but this time I'm seeing them cover chubby baby thighs. These are great for cooler weather and they are FANTASTIC for diaper changes. Because you don't have to pull them down, they can stay on those chubby thighs during the detox process!
Confused? You're not the only one. There was mass hysteria and the world almost imploded.
Last night I went to walk the dog. My oldest said wait, he'd come along - he wanted to get some pictures of the stars. He'd been reading up on how to photograph starlight. Fifteen years old.
This story and its implications strikes fear into my heart. I'm sure it strikes fear into the hearts of many a defender. I hope it strikes fear into the hearts of lay persons who want a criminal justice system that gets proper results, you know prosecuting people who actually commit crimes and leaving those who didn't commit crimes the hell alone. I want to believe it strikes fear into the hearts of all prosecutors, as well, but sadly I am familiar with too many stories of prosecutors relying on really shady evidence and experts to believe it. Of course most prosecutors want good, solid forensic experts, but there are some who just want convictions over all else.
is coming
First stop was in Saint Paul Cathedral in San Pablo, Laguna.
If this piece of excrement is any indication, I can imagine what Dr. Dr. Whelan told Gov. Dean. Something like, ‘Governor, the most important thing to Catholics is that there be no limits whatsoever on abortion. No parental notification at any age, no limit on late-term abortions, no waiting periods. Indeed, unlimited abortion is a pillar of the Catholic faith!’
Genres : Thriller
5. What's the worst injury you have ever had?
Last year I read Plato’s The Republic, and the professor this year has us looking at the “Allegory of the Cave.” In it there are a bunch of prisoners who are chained and all they can see are the shadows in front of them on the wall. They don’t know they are prisoners, and they know nothing about the sun or what is outside of the cave. They are challenged to break free from those mundane surrounds. I thought about what I would do in that situation. Do I break free from what I know and go out and up towards the light? Honestly, I think I would persuade someone to try it out and come back and tell me. LOL I wouldn’t do something like that alone. I honestly don’t know what I would do, I have a history of jumping in head first. My impulses have gotten me in trouble in the past, hence the reason why I would send someone else out exploring. Okay, I’m getting off topic. Back to the story. The prisoners did not want to believe that they were prisoners. They were fine with their shadows.
80 g sugar
District 38 (East of Districts 12/16/17, Southern part of Kearney, Excelsior Springs, Mosby, Prathersville, Missouri City, NE tip of Kansas City, and the rest of Liberty): This appears to be where Rep. T.J. Berry will be running.
“There is an online medium known as Saharareporters who have their office in New York, and who have made their site as a platform for attack against Islam. So we are warning them to stop making their site an avenue for attacking Islam, otherwise we will find a way of attacking them too.
Cobra which is in the holding of the
Fleur is indeed amber, and it is unfiltered: it's a uniformly hazy amber. But it is not uniform in taste, it's like no other beer I know, almost gruit-like in its spicy, herbal, vegetative intensity. It's like running through a hot meadow full of the blooming variety of summer, kicking up the warmed aromas released as you flash through the fields. It is perhaps my very favorite spiced beer, moreso than all the spiced winter beers and witbiers. Fleur is a beauty, an unabashed blast of flavors that meld into a beautifully intense experience. I intend to grab all of it I can get.
Limbs growing thin and weak, sagging
<U+2665>My best wishes and fun times to the beautiful bicycle community in the San Diego/Baja Cali/Tijuana area riding the fantastic beach coast 33rd biannual Rosarito-Ensenada bike ride this Saturady, 5 de mayo. Can't wait to see some pictures :)
shutting out and shutting in, separating inside
Chase (one of our dogs) is terrified of thunder and sticks to me like Velcro whenever there is a storm.
Question: Do women act like asses when men shed their tops? You know, we might be as excited about that as you are, has that ever occurred to you? But we have learned to behave ourselves. I am utterly confident that men could learn the same, if expected to." -Women should have a right to be shirtless
Earlier....
Anyone know how Shaw is connected to Iron Man’s dad Howard Stark?
I go out every night and sleep all day
For if you forgive men when they sin against you, your heavenly Father will also forgive you.
Morgan spent her day in a way likely quite a bit different then most other kids her age. She went with me to take Nathan to feeding therapy. She spent most of the ride up there discussing and brainstorming things we can do at home to work on Peter's sensory issues and make more neuro connections in the areas of his brain that are damaged. We talk a lot about things like this- it interests her because she wants to be a special education teacher and realizes she is getting real life, hands on experience every single day right now. Then she sat in the big therapy waiting room waiting for Nathan's therapist to come get us, surrounded by parents and kids with various special needs...completely comfortable. I know many people are not comfortable being at the children's hospital...but for us, it is becoming very comfortable. I trust this girl....to look at hurting or disabled children with eyes filled with compassion and thoughtfulness. She would not avert her eyes or pretend they are not there....she would greet them with a smile when the situation arises.
The Association for Progressive Communications (APC) has developed a series of briefings to help those working on-line improve the security of their computer and on-line communications. The briefings were developed as part of a project aimed at improving the on-line security of computer users such as journalists and human rights workers. But the content of the briefings is relevant for all those working on-line.
No matter what, make sure you check out the blog sometime on Monday for a full recap and review of tonight’s finale. And as always, I want to hear what you think as well!
Morning All! I hope you had a great weekend!
In the back of the church at a wedding when no one knew her own marriage was over yet, L introduced me to her sister under the looming crucified savior on the wall above us. L took my hand, and stood on her toes to give me a peck on the cheek and we were naked for a moment in front of Jesus and her family and everyone.
There is a saying, “The best impression may be your last impression.” And, I take this a step further and say, “You may have only one time to make your best impression! So, place yourself in a good position to leave a solid lasting impression.”
I used a Self Closing Mock Ring with a Thrown off Ring. and joined to the core thread where the 2 chains come together at the bottom of the ring. and joined to the top of Split Ring 2 where I started the chain.
Love is like the wind, you can't see it but you can feel it....
How great the pain of searing loss,
So, I had written my New Year's resolutions. So far I've managed to completely give up on one, stick to one and half-ass the other.
And while I would never argue that people should be anything other than what they are, sometimes (especially in Paris) it helps if you are able to blend in with the locals.
Mr. Tissainayagam<U+FFFD>s first interview since he was released, was conducted by the international media watchdog, Reporters Without Borders (RSF).
The king for 1000 years-Keeper of the seven keys Pt.III Legacy
Knowing that I’ll have to face
The concept of fairies is based on the fae of medieval Western European (Old French) folklore and romance. Fairies are often identified with a variety of beings of other mythologies. Even in folklore that uses the term "fairy," there are many definitions of what constitutes a fairy. Sometimes the term is used to describe any magical creature, including goblins or gnomes: at other times, the term only describes a specific type of more ethereal creature.
- The Millefeuiles Team
The place needs help.
Next, I feathered in a light base blue of B91 and B63. I layered B66 over that, (B66 is the color spotlight color that I'll feature tomorrow). I deepened the blue with the BV23 and C7. I did not blend much, rather, I kept my strokes in the direction the feathers grow so it looks more like natural color variation.
Maka huffed into the dining room, “I raised the Johnsons. They’ve had some excitement themselves this evening but they’re on their way in the Hummers.”
One key trend here is the primacy of Introverted Sensation. This shows up in three distinct ways.
My role on the project varies depending on who you talk to. BwB would like me to evaluate the project from both volunteer and client perspectives with an objective third eye. Not having a chance to introduce myself during the kick-off meeting with the MFI, however, gave the director the opportunity to task me with a different role. “And Noah has brought this pretty woman,” he announced to the team, “so everything we do will be prettier.” Challenge accepted.
Fred never stopped looking at her or let go of her hand. “It’s not a performance. It’s just a meeting of friends,” he said. He moved his hand from her wrist to her palm and extended his other hand to me. I took it, and then put my hand around her free hand. His hand was warm, hers was cool, and we bowed our heads, and closed our eyes, and I heard Deb’s voice calling out for the grace of God. What is grace? I’m not certain; all I know is that my heart felt like a spike, and then, in that room, it opened and felt like an umbrella. I had never prayed like that before, ever. I had always been a great prayer, a powerful one, but only fitfully, only out of guilt, only when fear and desperation drove me to it… and it hit me, right then, with my eyes closed, that this was the moment Fred Rogers–Mister Rogers–had been leading me to from the moment he answered the door of his apartment in his bathrobe and asked me about Old Rabbit. Once upon a time, you see, I lost something, and prayed to get it back, but when I lost it the second time, I didn’t, and now this was it, the missing word, the unuttered promise, the prayer I’d been waiting to say a very long time.
We are at The Impact Zone, Mike Tenay and Taz welcome us to the show.
rolling over and going back to sleep after you hit the snooze button.
Begin to process and clear any patterns, fearful thoughts, or habits that might hold some aspect of fear. It is fear in any form that is the ball and chain anchoring you to this dense reality of the third dimension. Fear keeps you in a state of limitation, especially the fear of the unknown.
This was to be my first taste of a commercial kitchen and, believe it or not, I have lasted in one for over three decades!
reise know-how
Oh, and if you don't have decorative sprinkles, you can just drizzle melted candy coating across the cooled pops--It looks very pretty.
Monday I was taking the medicine and I think I stayed home. Worked on Tuesday, and about half a day on Wednesday before my appointment with Dr. Gouw. The whole time the fever was still persisting and the cough. Every cough tasted like an infection. Something wasn't good.
After dealings with a flat tire and a car battery that didn’t want to stay charged, I was ready to go home. After getting in our cabin ( with air conditioning, what a relief!) and having the usual camp food of hot dogs for supper, my night was turning out way better than I expected; especially after we went to the camp zoo. If I can’t see my own horses, the next best thing is exotic animals and miniature horses. After team building with Hulu hoops and noodles ( the colorful water floaty kind), I thought it was time for bed. But with twenty other girls in one cabin and a very intense game of Buzzword, I finally for to climb into my bed at one o clock. The next day we had a whole new load of adventures waiting for us outside our cabin. After another wonderful meal of camp food (this time it was pop tarts) we struggled into rope harnesses and helmets.
What’s better than that, chickens?
Remember that you need to be continuously purging your follower list every so often (once a week is fine), and I can tell you how to do that manually, here. Or you can go the easier route and pay for a service that will mostly automate the following and purging for you, and you can find info on that here.
Johnny Alpha and a whole bunch of bad-ass mutants staring out from the cover of Prog 349.
After attending my very first hockey game in October, I am definitely a huge Nashville Predators fan! Now that I've been to a few of their games, I am kind of/sort of understanding more about hockey. For example, I now know that a power play is more than an alliteration!
I have become sort of well-known for my walls of text in conversations of privilege and marginalization, and one of the reasons I post them is because simply telling people to educate themselves doesn’t work. I mean, realistically, we are all grown adults who know how to use The Google. Given sufficient interest in not hurting each other’s feelings, a person so motivated could just… go find one of the many many places on the internet where this has been explained and just learn how on their own.
You're the best.
1 box powdered sugar
Enjoy meals like
“In Spain today, a cycle similar to Greece is starting to develop,” said HSBC chief economist Stephen King.
I watched the race in 2010 but last year I wasn't down here in Exeter. During the Great West Run 2011 a runner, Paul Smith, became ill and sadly passed away. This year a group of his family and friends took part in his memory. They were running for Sudden Arrhythmic Death Syndrome - SADS UK. That’s what nearly killed Fabrice Muamba. I think perhaps this was one of Paul Smith’s group.
I'm so excited to welcome debut author Robin Mellom. Robin's debut novel Ditched is fun and will keep you guessing until the last page. Robin will be here in April for the Houston Teen Book Festival. Please help me welcome Robin!
Today I haven’t actually written anything, instead I have checked some facts in the text I wrote yesterday, and changing some details. It takes up surprisingly much time. Maybe not for everyone, it surely depends on the kind of story one writes. For me, it is important that my story feels real. And to get the feel of reality, the small details have to be right.
Anyway, back to the beer! Having a bunch of sour cherry juice laying around needing to be used up I decided to make a very bready, nutty beer to balance the acidity of the cherry juice. For a while I was considering using some of the almond liqueur/extract I made a while back in the Fat Washing post, but I decided to hold onto that for something where the flavors might shine a bit more. Instead I decided to use a spice not too many people are familiar with, but I absolutely love..Mahlab.
First of all, the word “fag” is a slur. Unless, of course, you hear it in a gay bar, where it’s often used in a non-offensive, self-deprecating tone by gay men talking with, and about, gay men.
This gallery is for all the bits and pieces regarding WWW2 stuff like Incursion, Secrets of the Third Reich, AEWW2 and all other games/settings mixing up WW2 with the occult, strange, and technologically impossible.
There is a flash–a blinding light! I see a grand hall, if the stale, earthy word “grand” can even begin to describe the spectacular, mind-boggling grandiosity of its design. A host of towering celestial beings fill the room. They stand at attention, their muscular faces glowing with wisdom and valour, their broad shoulders tall, chests and arms tensed and ready for warfare. They wait. Wait in expectation, gazing intently at their Master’s face. The Master, the King of this realm, is not looking on His subjects. His face is turned to the earth below. He is watching. Waiting. Listening……
I was broken at a very young age. A victim of sexual abuse as a pre-schooler, at the hands of an uncle, I seem to be even more deeply affected by the rejection of my mother. She was a delightful person and a lot of fun to be around, but she and I couldn’t be more different. I was like one of those barn animals that the mother rejects and someone else has to take care of it.
The basement bar is one of the city's smallest, and it feels like half of Sydney is already here, cocktails in hand and chattering up a storm.
But unfortunately, there’s something implanted in my brain that stops me from such spontaneity and downright irresponsibility, stops me from picking up the crack whore on the corner, stops me from ingesting meth, stops me at beer 6, stops me from cheating on my wife, stops me from slapping the fuck out of people when they really deserve it, stops me from trying to fly from every bridge I cross and keeps me only smoking pot occasionally.
re-inventing animism.
The girls are downstairs in the studio getting wedding stuff together, I am taking a minute to sit down and collect myself.
Cut out your paper circle as this will now be your template for cutting your fabrics.
Over at Copyblogger, the 80/20 Rule of Headlines is defined as: 8 out of 10 people will read the headline but only 2 out of 10 will read the article. If you have a tweet with a link, probably 80% of the tweeps who see the tweet will read it, think about it for a few seconds, but yeah, I'd wager only 20% will click on the link. Worse, of those, only 20% again will read the first screen they see on the other side of the click. The headline needs to grab them or they'll move onto the next available headline, and you'd better believe there's another one right there, conveniently located on your book page.
Let peace prevail and save earth.Heal the World!!!!!!
Hopefully this was sufficient enough.
I suppose right now is the ideal time to state my reasons for disliking Alice. To put it quite frankly, she was rather dull. I'm sure that she's a good ruler and all, but I found her segments to be something akin to reading wall paper. Floral print wallpaper, of which I cannot stand. The characters around her were perfectly abidable. Dodge was rather entertaining, if somewhat flat at points, and Bibwit seemed like a lovely person. At first, I wasn't too concerned with Hatter Madigan. I wrote him off as just another incarnation of the Hatter that I wasn't to concerned with. By the end of it, in which some stuff which includes character development ensued, I did care a little more about him. Sort of. In the way you 'don't really care' about your math marks. Right now, I cannot think of more constructive things to say on people, since my mood has turned from not completely there, to not completely there and bitter.
The biggest names performing there today include Jay Sean, Jazzy B and Mumzy Stranger. As you can see, even Boris Johnson. Mayor of London, enjoys honing his skills at the Mela (believe me, 'change the light bulb while patting the dog' does work sometimes...well, if you're an aunty-ji)
*Inventory freezer
Far from it, it was far from itself and knew the other by itself
Blackcurrants (by zapxpxau) - the basket is used to frame here the blackcurrants with in the frame. The grass is giving the impression of fresh picked fruit.
I also got a variety 12-pack of Genesee beers from my good friend Sam Komlenic for my birthday last month, and I cracked out two of them, too. 12 Horse Ale was an old fave, but...wow, not so much. Blunt, even coarse, to the point where I was thinking to myself, man, I hope this has changed, because I'd hate to think I once liked a beer like this. But the old reliable, Genesee Cream Ale, was a fun beer to drink! I wasn't expecting much after the 12 Horse wagon crash, but Genny Cream was sweet and light, showing the cream ale style that won multiple GABF gold medals (Genny Cream has more gold medals than almost any other beer; seven, I think). I'd happily order this again on a hot day in a shady bar.
But when you do where is what you promised, letting down so many people.
PS Because some people think this is my room. This NOT my room, This is inspiration for my room. I wished my room looked like that, heck I even wish it was at leastthis big, my room is tiny.
This obscene movie was speaking such gut-wrenching truths! Government and organized religion will use whatever means to crush anyone in their path. Yeah, sure, I felt I knew that stuff before—but seeing it so brutally, ruthlessly, unashamedly displayed and portrayed on film WAS a revelation!
I should feed him canned green beans. When I was a kid, my mom would make those slimy green beans despite knowing how much I hated them. And I could wail and scream and gag and puke and it wouldn't make a difference, I wasn't going to be excused from the table until I ate every wormy green puke bean from my plate. If I got out of the chair, she'd spank me and put me back in the chair until I choked-gulped down everyone of those nasty slimy green things posing as food. Serving canned green beans should count as child abuse!
Oh! Maybe you’re waiting for this…. This post is a twofer as Megan Rose has written another lesbian comic which wrapped up in 2010: YU+ME: dream. I’ve got to admit, this one was a little too surreal for my tastes. When I tried to read it a few years ago, I had trouble following the plot, but now that it’s finished and you don’t have to wait for updates, I bet it reads through a lot smoother. Give it a shot!
Level 1, Shop 11.04, 644 George Street Sydney
The times have changed. Our wartime leaders are vilified by an opposition party which neither understands the stakes involved nor offers a viable alternative other than "cut and run." Our mainstream media reveals our secrets with impunity and disseminates enemy propaganda in the name of the public's "right to know." Many of our fellow citizens are neither willing to support their country's effort or the men and women serving in that effort. Sadly, in 21st century America, there are too many who believe that any sacrifice in the name of freedom is never worth the cost and they look down upon those in our society who do. For many, military service is relegated only to those, unlike themselves, who lack other options or who lack the common sense to avoid it.
Before the Revolution (Bernardo Bertolucci, 1964) - "In retrospect, Bertolucci's film is "before the revolution" that would briefly sweep across the western world in the late 60s, and his pessimistic ending — a declaration that, for aimless young people like Fabrizio, it's always "before" a revolution that never comes — is a bleak but accurate prediction of the disappointments to come."
For the last meal in my series featuring Texas Beef Council Beef I wanted to do something relatively quick, easy and family-friendly. I say all this with a caveat (and possible rant), growing up family-friendly was any meal, my mom didn't tolerate or raise picky eaters so whatever the 'adult' meal of the evening was, chances are it was the kid meal too! While this isn't how everyone is raised I do feel strongly that healthy food that isn't 'kid' food is a must so I find it important to share things that I think even mildly picky eaters would enjoy : )
As seen at the end of our last session, our intrepid band of adventurers was summoned to Waterdeep by the archmage Khelben Arunsun. The Blackstaff sent a High Forest elf and a pride of griffins to fly the party back to the city.
“It’s Mesdan now,” he replies curtly. “It’s not proper to lurk near a sleeper’s hut, Eliss. Worse when it is the hut of a shaman.”
So I had a small snit fit at the check in counter because I was mad, and I was mad that I was mad, and yes my luggage was heavy but I live in NORWAY dammit and they DON'T HAVE VELVEETA THERE so this luggage policy is very anti-expatriate, and my parents were there, watching and being supportive and I didn't want to say bye and I didn't want to have a snit in front of them because I'm a BIG GIRL dammit and big girls don't have snits at airports, and Aunt Flo is coming any minute so I am on the razor's edge of moody and irritable and can snap you like a twig if you look at me funny, and check in people at airports generally annoy me, though I can't put my finger on WHY, and did I mention I am just pissed off that I am so pissed off? And to top it off, I really don't feel like doing any of the following:
December 6, 2012: The End of the World As We Know It
3/6 - pepperoni (Draw pepperonis on any 3 of the 6 yellow slices)
Once we arrived and saw the sun rising, I grudgingly admitted it was a good idea, after all. But I was still very concerned about my physical ability to make the climb – 3291 feet elevation, of which, one mile was pure boulder hopping.
Quin - serve us delightful food
The resulting urban core sample has the look of a toy oven or vending machine—as if, in the latter case, we could someday just a few quarters into a streetside machine and walk away holding complete miniature rooms, intact down to their ads and posters, extruded from some kind of self-replicating master-model.
That is why I am always urging my students to drink less, but better wine and to try things that are new to them. Wine is often at its most exciting when trying something new from somewhere totally unexpected.
Zinn may sound polemical to you, but his one book has raised awareness of the shortcomings of centuries of highly selective historical vision. Maybe he just had to talk a little tough to throw off that yoke.
Yet this bond has started to weaken and it is going to proceed in that direction, I guess.
I have a lot of reasons for wanting to lose weight. I'm sure I'll blog about many of them. I collided with one of those reasons today: the dreaded bridesmaid dress shopping. My sister is getting married in October, and I am standing up in the wedding along with my husband and my oldest daughter. Clearly, I want to look decent. Clearly, being of the huskier variety, I have a bad attitude about dress shopping. Well, any shopping really. It's just not a lot of fun when you're a bigger girl. But, I digress ... let's just stick to shopping for bridesmaid dresses.
I also find that I do better when eating every few hours to help maintain my energy level and weight. I try to get protein in every little meal, but it’s hard to do when you are stuck and all you can think of is peanut butter and cheese as protein sources. Yes, there’s a whole world out there of protein sources, like a hard-boiled egg, hummus, yogurt, etc. But I also need something to go with it.
Ponting elected to take the strike first after winning the toss, put on 166 for the second wicket with Simon Katich. Left handed Katich scored 66. Ponting added 60 for the third wicket with Michael Hussey (46 not out) before he was trapped lbw by Harbhajan Singh. It was the ninth time the Australian Captain has fallen to the off-spinner.
I still haven’t quite worked out whether that was a good or bad decision. On the plus side shoe trees have made a great difference to the way in which I store and care for my shoes. Polishing a shoe with a shoe tree in it is a very different proposition from one without. Moreover, there is no doubt that my shoes are in better shape since I have started using shoe trees. And while it is a minor thing I do get a little kick out of seeing my shoes neatly lined up in the closet, with the shoe trees inserted.
03 Twice A Man - Decay
PMA Eco-Trail is a 10k loop along the academy’s outskirts. The trail was established just recently during the PMA alumni homecoming where a simple trail run was held. Not even cadets uses that trails so you can just imagine how fresh the trails are. Leaves serves as a cushion between the ground and your shoes. Pine tress shadows you from the sun, so you can run any time of the day. Mossy forest in every turn that you will forgot that you are just in a city. Cool and gentle breeze are also on treat on your hot body as you attack the hills. These are just the few reason to describe PMA best kept secret. And sad to say, that the trail are not open for public.
Tell me! Tell me! or my inner goddess will spank you.
But my words were to have little effect and as we left, I saw that the slave had gone. We knew where Sestillius’s room was and we went towards it though we had to scale the wall and slip in through the window. Thankfully, Fortunata was not there. On the table we saw another scroll. This we examined:
Now the last important bit for my studio to be fully operational, you know, so I can get into a prolific state :), is a cabinet for storing my fabrics. And last night, the shelves of ebay delivered!! It was a very long seven days wait, but it seems I was the only one who wanted it. I feel like the cat who got the cream, with a big white grin, might even have reached the end of my nose...
Contest rules are simple: Guess which movie each dialogue sample comes from and the one to get the most correct WINS! *fanfare* In the event of multiple winners, one will be chosen using random.org. This is totally based on the honor system, so for you Googlers out there... *flits fingers from my eyes to you* ...I'm watching you. Okay, not really 'cause that would be creepy... o_o
On the eye – One of the many enigmatic features of this remarkable beer. It looks 'unique'. Let's just leave it at that for now.
A warm welcome to my new followers, and I hope everyone has a lovely weekend.
5. Run the image through the Xyron machine again, glitter side down and burnish well.
Reuters had an interesting article about the undertow that is dragging new home owners underwater if they borrowed with low down payment loans guaranteed by the FHA.
This year, for the first time ever, I attended my employer’s Christmas party. And my sister Carly agreed to be my date. Despite much wining and dining, however, she still never called me back. I guess my hands were a little too frisky for her liking. What can I say? Only got one thing on the mind, nympho that I am. Nonetheless, I was the lucky winner of a one-hour iridology appointment valued at over $100. Naturally, after googling what that was, I panicked. Besides the usual, “Ah! I’ll have to make small talk!” and “She’ll be really close to my face. What if she notices upper lip hair or, even worse, bad breath?” I also worried about the state of my health. Maybe the iridologist would find signs of heart disease, cancer, stroke. Maybe she’d foresee the sprouting of back hair or the infiltration of nose warts. Maybe she’d just turn to me and say, “Listen, you obviously know you’ve gotta lose some weight. Do it, okay? Then we’ll talk.” If eyes are windows to the soul, then irises are gateways to hell. Or so I thought at first.
Yesterday was a dreich, damp day here. Morning fog barely dissolved into low-hanging mist and fine drizzle, shrouding the hills and beading every branch with drops of water. For once, however, this ‘fine soft weather’ (as drenching rain is called in the West Highlands) seemed not melancholy to me, but promising. It really did feel ‘soft’: there was no icy edge to it for the first time in several months. It smelled of spring.
(I’m just teasing him a little, although I think that might be not totally inaccurate. But I do know that sometimes he’s happy with his time despite his placement, and sometimes he’s not so pleased with his time despite placing well.)
Thursday before the New Year holiday she brought it to work wrapped up in a bag. We aren't supposed to have ANY alcoholic beverages on our work campus. I left it on my desk near my coat.... and I FORGOT it at work.
No wonder all were silent. This was astounding!!! Peter, had decreed that the ancient Mosaic law of circumcision was no longer binding, removed the dietary laws of the Old Covenant. But no one challenged him. Why? Because everyone knew Jesus had appointed him as the chief of the apostles.
*be newly created following the current challenge guidelines
Remove from the heat and mix in the pumpkin, cinnamon, nutmeg and vanilla. Place in the fridge to chill for around an hour.
but I don't think so.
May 13— NO SHIMMYSHOWCASE -- Happy Mothers’ Day!
"What can I do?" Well, he could start by not picking up women in the parking lots of out-of-the-way motels, inviting them to dinner, and feeling up their magnificent, thrusting charms while dancing.
Have a lovely weekend and I should have a few more piccies of my garden soon. Slowly getting there and I am starting to see the transformation.
Whose dandruff genomes are sequenced
On April 7, 1933, beer was again legalized. It was not until 8 months later that the entire Volstead Act was repealed allowing for the sale of wine and liquor.
* If you're hungry, ask Mom, "How can I help you with dinner?" I told them I would have e-mealz in the cabinets for them to be able to prepare if I was going to be out of pocket.
And watch your tone.
We bow,
Another man called and asked if he could rent a car in Dallas.
cook lentil stew
What is it like to be a bit deaf? Firstly, it is normal – for me. We all take our sensory perception – good or bad – for granted. Compared with a dog, even the most sharp-eared of us have hearing loss. Compared with the 80-mile stare of a vulture, the best of us are partially sighted. (OK, human beings are not like animals, not least because of our extraordinary capacity for imaginative identification. You are perhaps doing it right now: what is it like to hear through someone else’s ears?) And mystics through the ages have tried to point out that sense data is not the same as what we have come to think of, purely out of habit, as reality. In The God Delusion (London: Bantam Press, 2006, pp. 405–6) Richard Dawkins goes for a strikingly odd metaphor that defines the limits of human perception as what we can see through the opening of a burqa. Science, he says, opens up the window so wide ‘the imprisoning black garment drops away almost completely, exposing our senses to airy and exhilarating freedom.’ In Cambridge we have the excellent and PR-savvy ‘edutainers’ the Naked Scientists, but they wisely conduct their exciting and explosive experiments wearing fully protective if admittedly non-Islamic clothing.
Back at our respective homes we got to work sleuthing (who knew that she would later become Detective Denise?!) on the internet, and discovered that the delegate who had let the report cat out of the bag was quite high profile in the dark world of the Badman, and so was unlikely to have been mistaken. Emails were written to the government asking for clarification. Eventually the report was released and it was everything we had feared and more. I know I have read people say that one of Denise’s qualities was never having a bad word to say about anyone, but she definitely had some bad words to say about the Badman! I suspect that was because she was a bit cross with herself for having got him wrong, but I think that just shows that she was the kind of person to look for the best in people, whoever they might be.
The reason I bring up some of this historical information now is because of these two verses, particularly verse 11. We assume John has penned a fairly chronological description of Jesus ministry, although perhaps not as truly chronological as the other three because his purpose is not to lay out a historical account as much as an argument for his divinity.
Moving on to my birthday… Erm, actually, the day before my birthday. It’s a tradition in my family to surprise the birthday celebrator (?) with a cake and have them blow out their birthday candles and eat cake at midnight (when we’d honestly rather be asleep on the weekdays) but seeing as everyone had to wake up A LOT earlier than usual the next day, I blew out my candles after dinner.
Perfectaholic belief: Finally creating “perfect work” will generate happiness, fulfillment, and give meaning to my life.
Would it kill you to smile and be a bit cheerful?
This is a recipe I invented to give myself a quick easy butter chicken when I don't feel like going through the hassle of making the entire sauce from scratch. Using a Korma sauce as a base and tweaking it a bit will give you a very nice dinner with minimal effort!
At least one Saturday a month is dedicated to some kind of 4-H event, followed by church every Saturday evening. A couple of hours volunteering at church on Sunday finishes the week. And that’s just the highlights! Could you imagine my stress level if I didn’t plan my menu every week?!
Standin' on the edge of something much too deep
It was such a little thing to you
I was on the high way, and no one appeared to be chasing me. My hands shook as I checked my camera. It was unharmed. Then I reached inside my pocket for the tape recorder. I pulled it out. It and my hand were covered in blood. My blood. Then I felt it, the pain of child birth wouldn’t compare. I searched for where the wound was and applied pressure.
Rounds 6-7: Ch 3. Dc in first 8 dc. Ch 9. Skip 9 dc, dc in the 10th. Dc in each remaining dc around. Join with sl st to top ch of ch 3.
This is also a good time for winding up unfinished projects, letting go of grievances and losses and focus on the coming year.
I also am so excited to use this gorgeous May Art silk ribbon - it was so easy to tie and although I always wonder about putting ribbon on manly man cards - I didn't stop to think at all with this super light tawny ribbon :) I added a little fish charm to the ribbon center that I tied a piece of twine to and then finished the card with some scallops and liquid pearls. I am excited to give this to my FIL!
SlID : Yeah, positively . . .well maybe not music-wise. We want to play different styles . .we are not musical fascists. We listen to and play various musical styles. But we still punks(!) because we follow the original goal : to do things ourselves. We are in touch with a lot of people internationally and still want to add to our correspondence. Write us.
hit a yard sale, and dropped in on Fredrick of Scandinavian Grace.
i mixed them all together
FlexLight…solar-powered hybrid utility light
Save pasta sauce jars and pickle jars to store food in in the fridge. When I studied abroad a few years ago, my friend and I did this out of necessity, but I never thought to do it once I returned home. You can even freeze food in these- just leave space for the food to expand.
Today I am heading to my friend Narda's house for our mini scrappy retreat. She has her house all to herself this weekend and she invited me to come over and scrap. I of course said yes!
Here’s the leg:
What we are then reading and watching on a daily basis is nothing more than manipulative talking-points peddled by disingenuous, entirely compromised “journalists” delivering propaganda in the service of lobbying firms, instead of the accurate, responsible journalism people expect them to in the service of a well informed citizenry. A misdirected and confused public is one of the main factors as to why many of today’s problems cannot be solved. A problem cannot be solved if it cannot even be properly understood.
The worry is that the Obama administration, by increasing funding to the private sector, is cynically trying to deflect criticism of NASA and allow the government to defend its space monopoly for years to come. A frontline NASA official, one of several in charge of setting smooth rules for private space contractors, insists that “we really have been thinking outside the box.”
The primary responsibility of the Inside Sales Executive is to generate new SW license
And there is nothing more to kill.
The topics of regrouping in addition and regrouping in subtraction are now split so that 2-A contains regrouping in addition, and 2-B contains regrouping in subtraction.
However, as I walk through the world with all these babies and gaybies and their young moms and dads highlighted in my visual panorama – I HAVE found some things that maybe I do NOT want to do. I’ve seen some things that have terrified me. I’m afraid that if I inflict them on my own gayby it might scar him or her for all of eternity.
ADHD is also sometimes associated with a higher than average IQ. The reasons for this are unclear, but if you’ve ever taken an IQ test, you know that the questions measure your problem-solving abilities, as well as your capability to see beyond the obvious. Since individuals with ADHD excel at noticing everything and in making connections, they do well on these types of tests.
Let’s break it down…
So, in my glazed-over state observed merely by my unbreaking stride and joyful grin, I take off, weaving my way through people I think are so wonderfully fantastic, but at the same time, just too slow for me to stay behind. Within the first few minutes, I realize Jeff is not beside me. I quickly turn around, remembering I am pregnant and hoping I don't get trampled on by other runners, or trip and fall over my Size 11 feet, I find him jumping trash cans and darting through people's yards to catch up to me. Oops. His comment: “What are you trying to do, beat all the other 1,000 pregnant women out here?” Clearly, he was irritated since I seemed to be the only pregnant woman out of 1,400 runners. Oops, again. But I felt great! Not even out of breath! I told him to stay by my side, and I'd get us to a clearing so we could settle into a stride. I was left with a stare, a very serious stare that stands 6 feet 4 inches tall and weighs about 225 pounds. I released the accelerator, we laughed, and we trotted on to a strong yet relaxed 8:36/min pace and crossed the finish line together, holding hands.
Ceremony – St. Josephs, West Liberty Iowa
Kali said:
If our reading habits, needs and tastes have changed, science tells us our brains have, too. There's nothing much we can do about this, although each of us in theory controls the mouse on our own computers. Besides, I'm not even saying that in terms of reading habits this is a bad change. (In terms of the arguments that people like Gary Small and many others are introducing regarding empathy and wisdom, that's a different matter.)
Do we simply relive life, over and over again, without the knowledge that this has all happened before?
I think somewhere easy to find is best.
still winter
Make the ear wires. Place the ear wires on the steel bench block and hit the ear wires with a plastic or rawhide mallet to harden and burnish the ear wires. You can also use a tumbler to hasten the hardening and burnishing of the ear wires.
Munnar
Anyways.. starting to go on and on... I saw a fun little "gems" game on etsy but didn't want to pay to get it and it wasn't all that cute so I cutesied one up and no we have a fun little game.
Clinical experiments indicate that beverages containing cola increase the rate and extent of absorption of carbamazepine (Tegretol), a drug used to treat epilepsy and some forms of bipolar disorder.
Hope to see you guys sooner than later! And thanks for sticking around with me =)
Well...you may be wondering what I caught while I was fishing...well, I wassn't really fishing, but since we were spending the day by the Peace River, I decided last minute to cook up some fish and bring them along...here they are...hope you like them. The other pics are of my daughter, my booth and the famous or should I say infamous...dunking booth!
The MV teaser shows us rapper JunHyung lying on the floor (supposed to be ‘dying’ ?) and received a breathe mask from a red dress girl. Then the teaser continues to tease by showing BEAST members GiKwang and HyunSeung dancing in the rain topless!
A lad can sire but sir be still a jest.
Lost he his other eye?
When I decide to read a book like : Moby Dick , The Man Without Qualities , Lost in the Funhouse. Prestigious books that will outlive generations and will be read by each one of them. It's not to brandish them around like some emblem of importance or intellectual-status. But to see what all the fuss is. Very much in the same way I watch sports ; only in the playoffs. When a player is performing at his best. I want to see why A-Rod makes more financial income just coming up to bat ( Whether he hits or misses ) than most people make in a year ( about $40k ). Sure I'll watch Nadal breeze through a few sets in the opening rounds to satisfy that anticipated crave of whats to come ; to get a feel of things. I do this with writers as well , reading : Notes from Underground before The Brothers Karamzov , Tortilla Flat before East of Eden , Carrie before IT.
Each person is to be given a time to "have the floor"...it is their turn to share their grievances, but the goal is to focus not only on what happened, but how that particular action made them feel.
No. Even though the ANC treat black Africans worse than the ‘evil white Apartheid’ government, Nelson Mandela is not even willing to being a ‘liberation struggle’ debate about these issues, to express his dissent to the ANC elite’s black supremacy domination.
I can't believe the house is quiet, both kids are in bed, and we have the windows open enjoying the cool night breeze. Life is good, and I am thankful for the unmeasurable blessings that we continue to receive. I'm just waiting for Steph to get back from a quick grocery run (I have a bad habit of letting the grocery supply dwindle to near nothingness when she's not here), then it's time to enjoy a night together. We will probably try to enjoy a movie or something, but typically we both end up passing out well before make it through one. The sleepless nights catch up with us pretty quickly these days.
How impossibly cute?
Today I took 70mg – seven 10mg tablets spaced evenly throughout the day – for the third day. I didn’t notice any side effects. No somnolence (sleepiness), just a lovely relaxed feeling.
How much I long to hear you?
Richard walked back into his house and looked at the clock. His day would start around eleven or so. It was only a little over five hours away but the expanse between the 6 and the 11 on his clock looked impossibly wide.
could ever
Bag is on lap. Along comes a bump. Car jumps.
The mouthfeel is light to medium, dry yet somehow juicy, sour but not puckering. The 5.7% abv is hardly noticeable, making it both quaffable and quenchable. Overall, another winner from Uinta.
Such simplicity. No fuss. No preconceptions. No misconceptions. Nothing to worry about: Just laying on the grass in a garden chasing imaginary cars as time goes by.
fun toy because it magically “springs to life” and speaks when they approach it. People love to watch their dogs play with this toy because they become so excited – it's very funny to watch, but it's also great exercise and entertainment for your dog.
When Drake Finn finds a mysterious shed in his back garden, little does he know that inside he will find the three horsemen of the apocolyspe. Or that he will be given the job as the fourth…well technically the 13th. But having just started a new school and facing problems of his own, Drake doesn’t want to take up the role of Death. As long as he can work off his notice period without anything happening he’ll be fine…or so he thinks!
But should such thoughts deter me?
(Mansour Khalid:) 'There is a strong correlation between honor and group cohesion and group survival. Honorable behaviour is that which strengthens the group...while shameful is that which tends to disrupt, endanger, impair, or weaken it.' (2)
A few months of living outside herself went by, and she realized that the nightmares were real. So gradually that she hadn’t noticed, the nightmares had taken control of her life, replacing the unknown fear that had kept her running all those years. The nightmares kept her from running anymore, so she knew she had to face them. She looked around and saw the shards laying on the ground, the shards of a beautiful red cup. The shards of the complete and shiny red cup she used to be. Frantically she started gathering up the shards, but the speed in which she picked them up made her cut herself, and her bleeding fingertips made it impossible to hold onto the shards.
Despite an unpleasant Friday, I have enjoyed a nice break from work/life. I am now armed with a new plan and ready to tackle next week with all pistons ablaze!
they round the phallic Maypole
The Dev Alpha is running a modified version of the PlayBook OS, with the PlayBook interface and gestures, so there are few clues about the final BlackBerry 10 user interface.
Ms. Stevens was accused by prosecutors of lying to the FDA and concealing and falsifying documents related to an investigation by the U.S. agency. The federal judge refused to let a jury decide the case, saying that would risk a miscarriage of justice.
I only did a few changes because I didn't want to go to the store just to buy some baking soda and butter so I used salted butter and more baking powder, but nevertheless the cake was (please note the use of the word "was" XD) still moist and delicious.
The Churchill Theatre in Bromley, London, are looking for original short plays, no more than 20mins playing time, for no more than 6 characters. The winning submissions will be performed in rehearsed readings on stage at Churchill Theatre Bromley on Thurs 22 July 2010.
Maybe that is a question for rover.
Welcome to my first K-Tel Friday post of 2011. Someone did some serious Christmas shopping and came up with this goodie for homercat to unwrap. At this rate homercat is likely to amass the largest collection of K-Tel vinyl on the island. Near as I can tell Bright Side of Music probably came out sometime in 1973. Once again there isn't a date to be found anywhere on the album. They managed to cram 22 songs on this one. Whenever that happens you can be assured that there are some crazy edits of the tunes and this one doesn't disappoint. For a 22er the sound quality is surprisingly good. Usually it seems the more songs they put on the lesser the quality. I would really be surprised if I were to ever come across a "mint" condition copy of a K-Tel, I bet they're hard to find. I didn't do much editing here other than a few click-pop removals. For me the most surprising thing about this album was the fact that it contains 13 songs that I had never heard before in my life and that's a rarity. So this one was a real treat for me to rip.
Once I run all these miles, I’ll work that into my schedule.
Hedge Funds are reviled in the United States for their role in the U.S. economic crisis, but their activities in developing countries, especially in Sub Saharan Africa has been limited — until a few years ago.
An English TV gardener has been feeding his plants Viagra to stiffen up their stalks. Doesn’t he know that plants don’t have sex by poking their stalks in places? Even if they did, they wouldn’t want some meddling botanist playing the pander by feeding them chemical stimulants. Nature is not a giant whorehouse for humans to pimp around in with their pills and potions.
The Caps had two power plays in short succession in the middle of the third. They failed on the first, but needed just four seconds of Richards’ holding minor to cash in for the winner. Nicklas Backstrom won the offensive zone draw back to Ovechkin, who skated the puck to center point and fired. Caps winger Troy Brouwer screened Lundqvist in front, and the puck had eyes.
Article 22 An agricultural product producer shall reasonably use fertilizer, pesticide, veterinary medicine, feed, feed additive, agricultural films and other agricultural inputs. It is prohibited to use any agricultural input which is clearly banned by the state or is obsolete or is unlicensed.
The first thing I did was the sentiment. I tend to do this as it gives the base of the design.
There is yet to be a successful prosecution of a third-party recipient of a leak and the possible acquittal of Mr Assange on such a charge would be doubly embarrassing for the US administration.
Like any inviolable rule, it must first be broken in order for its nature to be revealed. And this is what our teenage years are for, of course. That intemperate period of our lives in which the visceral passions spew forth and darkness traces its first outline under our eyes. A time when we are all Heathcliffs, when we are crotchety and brooding and questioning of the established order of things.
The local São Jorge cheese has been the most important part of the local economy (of Sao Jorges), resulting in the establishment of an order, the Confraria do Queijo de São Jorge, to promote the consumption and sale of this popular cheese.
Savanah's the type of horse that even if you're off her for weeks you get back on and pick up where you left off. With Rogo, if he's off for more than three days it takes weeks to get him back where he was. I'm not sure if it's just because he's younger, or because they have different personalities. Opinions / experience with this question?
9 Minha voz virá do sol da América
It says everything about this most special place.
To be who you want to be, you will have to pay the price. You will have to give up opportunities to be noticed. You will have to sacrifice some personal goals for the sake of others. You will have to get out of your comfort zone and do things you have never done before. You will have to keep learning and growing when you don’t feel like it. You will have to repeatedly put others above yourself.
Sometimes you can get away without anyone really noticing the slight change or it really effecting the outcome.
03 Fade To Black
apostles’ creed.
so I applied a French Chocolate image
Fool - The character loses 200 experience points and must draw from the deck again.
For those interested in creeping sharia through finance, check out one of our blogroll links to a site called Money Jihad. Great name, and great info on their site, including the post below you may have missed in the MSM:
If you’re still feeling zooish, go to Bearizona near Williams which is a drive through. You better keep those windows tightly closed and keep moving through because those bears are not shy of humans as a swipe at our bumper that set the car rocking let us know. This zoo is 55% rescues and rehabilitated animals. I don’t think I’ve ever enjoying a working weekend more.
With the front wing stalled, some of the energy it robs the airflow can pass towards the underfloor, increasing the pressure at its leading edge, forcing more flow under the floor for more downforce. With more downforce from the underbody, a smaller rear wing can be raced, which also creates less drag for more top speed.
Drug Absorption and Exercise
Conditions can make you write
In a Dutch oven or heavy pot, melt butter over medium heat. Add flour and garlic; cook, whisking, 1 minute. While whisking, gradually add milk; bring to a simmer, whisking frequently. Add mushrooms and sun-dried tomatoes; cook 1 minute. Turn off heat, gradually stir in Monterey Jack cheese and 1/2 cup Parmesan.
I’ve been having some thoughts about communication after watching this TV drama revolving around the lives of married couples in my country, and can’t help relating some of the scenes to people around me – problems between the folks, between friends and with myself.
Despite the rip-off effect, we managed to have a very nice day at the zoo. The weather was mild, Anna was relatively well-behaved – it was a good day. I did realize, however, that she is impatient just like me. We’d see an animal, and before I could tell her a little about it, she’d say, “More animals, mommy!” No dilly dallying with Anna!
Rewards: 1 Anniversary Token, Cloak of the Fifth Spring and Anniversary Fireworks.
"Isn't there a question about what we should be spending our money on?"
No big deal, I’m headed to the second floor and am only passing through. Or so I thought. Apparently this was an Airman Volunteer Opportunity and probably the bitchiest woman I have ever encountered in my life stopped me on my way through the throng of children. “I thought I told you to put more Gatorade out of the spouses while they were running. Why is this table empty?” I know this face, this woman is the wife of an officer in OG.
Some people would have preferred that I had substituted the above paragraphs with the words "I recently watched 'Rise of the Planet of the Apes'." These people should fuck off back to Twitter where they belong.
The next morning the old woman went out to look at the mortar, and was so ashamed of its appearance she thought she would clean it up. She dug out the rubbish and spread it under her tea bushes, then she drew water from the well and washed the mortar, also pooring the muddied water under her tea bushes. When she was finished she was happy to think that her strange guest of the following evening would be pleasantly surprised.
“The pizza of my childhood. Every time I come to visit my family, it’s a stop on my very first night in. Tonight, my dad called an hour and a half in advance to snag some sweet deliciousness; patrons waiting in the shop who presumably hadn’t called ahead gave us the evil eye since we were in and out in less than two minutes.
Metin & Evelyn created a very cheerful pension, only 300 metres away from the Aegean Sea and a few minutes later you are in the Dilek National Park with beautiful beaches.
ALWAYS be able to remember the day...
I initially considered wearing around my chest as a nipple protector, but soon realised that such an application would be pointless. A gorilla’s nipples are pretty secure at the worst of times, and I’ve not met the human who would dare to pinch them without prior consent.
include our resource box as listed above.
So please, do us all a favor and come to the realization that the loathing you feel from your fellow Americans has nothing to do with your “success” or your “wealth” and it has everything to do with the fact that your wealth and success have come at a cost to the rest of us. No one wants your money or opportunities, what they want is the same chance that their parents had to attain these things for themselves. You are viewed, and rightfully so, as part of the machine that has removed this chance for many – and that is what they hate.
“These were the most intense super-cell thunderstorms that I think anybody who was out there forecasting has ever seen,” Greg Carbin of the SPC in Oklahoma told the AP.
These are exciting times for Black Star Co-op. Earlier this week the Board appointed a location search committee to find us a real home, and our Member-Investor Share Offering is going to the printer this afternoon.
What do people think? Do you think they would be happy for us to do this? I would be willing to put in £50 to get things started.
I bubbled up among the reeds.
Prediction: I think that Cardiff are decent but we should have enough going forward… 2-1
It seems Jade Warrior were trying to really commercialize their sound here and it's telling that an experimental band sound stronger on their more "accessible" stuff than the actual experiments. It's not the best album to define their sound, their 1st album may be, or perhaps their instrumental albums for Island Records but it's the one that leaves the most lasting impression.
Now this is what I call convenient! Apparently, there is such thing as a crane game that you can play on a web browser. This game goes by the name of [[MORE]]Toreba, which was created by a game developing company known as Cyberstep. You know what the best part of it is? You actually get to win the items that you grab with the claw. If you do manage to win something, the Website will send the prize to your house. However, you might have to pay the shipping fee for it to be sent.
So I did a search for "zero calorie foods," and this is what I came up with. Basically, you can eat as much of the following foods you want, with no guilt:
2. My secret food indulgence is brown sauce butties. Two slices of buttered white bread and a dollop of brown sauce - lovely.
(12) BATTERSEA POWERSTATION SHAREHOLDER VEHICLE LTD
I left a straight edge around the image this time, with an embossed border and paired this with some neutral paper, and a pass of much neglected lace. I decided on a sentiment right at the end and reached for these pre-punched tiny tags, which I keep in a stash all cut out in XpressIt Blending Card, this means I can colour them at any time to match what I am working on, in this case with two shades of Copic Purple, adding the "Wish" right at the end...
The “Manoj and Babli case”, as it came to be known, received much attention, not least because the sessions court’s order seemed to send a strong signal to those who felt they could get away with such murders in the name of honour. The case successfully mobilised public opinion against honour killings. Women’s organisations hailed the verdict, which they hoped would act as an effective deterrent. Led by the All India Democratic Women’s Association (AIDWA), the women’s groups also demanded a comprehensive law dealing with honour-related crimes, and the Centre, too, began contemplating seriously the merits of such a law. For Manoj’s widowed mother, younger brother and sister, the verdict was a positive step in securing justice.
affirmative
The figure of her brother made no sign of recognition, or any sign that he heard Alice speaking to him at all. Instead, he merely grew closer and closer to her; his eyes unfocussed yet staring right through her. Although he made no obvious sign of threat, Alice couldn’t help but feel the instinct of fear and mounting unease that was becoming so familiar during her trip into the forest. She began to back away.
A ‘Recipe’ Book to add in a colour sample as well as how much of each Re-Inker or Food Colouring you have used. Also for when you mix your own colours and such.
September 23: Great Britain and Spain sign a treaty prohibiting the slave trade: Spain agrees to end the slave trade north of the equator immediately, and south of the equator in 1820. British naval vessels are given right to search suspected slavers. Still, loopholes in the treaty undercut its goals. Slave trade flows strongly, 1815-1830. Slave economies of Cuba and Brazil expand rapidly.
Quite often I find myself watching or reading a news article and asking myself “what if?” What if I put my characters through this or that? What if this happened to them? What would happen next? How would they react or overcome this problem? Where would it take my storyline? Best of all, how would it create tension or drama in my story?
Does anyone else care for mealworms or silkworms? We do chicks in the spring too and I am about pumped up for that! It's the greatest time ever!
Tidy took two breaths, breathing in through her mouth, then out through her nose, as if she had to build up enough steam to get the words out. Then she said “You’re, you’re… you’re being friends with him fast.”
Every foreign army comes to grief in Lebanon.
"Section III, Articles 125 to 128 of Decree-Law Nº 97/99/M of 13 December 1999 provides for Complementary Protection Certificates (CPCs) in Macao. The Macao CPC law is a vestige of Macao having been a Portuguese colony, since Portugal had provided for CPCs even before other European countries enacted their Supplementary Protection Certificate (SPC) laws.
These issues would not have been so serious were it not for the fact that some of the Afrikaner elite either defend the application of these policies, or may even be actively involved in their application. Prominent Afrikaner businessman are known to implement BEE and AA with gusto, doing great harm to the economic and social well-being of Afrikaners in mid- and lower-level positions, and stories of Afrikaners being forced to train their own replacements before they are retrenched can easily be found. Young Afrikaners may find themselves stranded with no access to scholarships or entry-level positions. BEE transactions have created a new superclass of rich blacks, at the cost of thousands of Afrikaners who have invested their savings in the stock market, only to see it squandered on such transactions, apparently driven simply by a desire to please the ANC, and with at best a questionable return in the long run. University presidents of previously Afrikaans-medium universities have apparently either not opposed the introduction of English instruction, or have actively colluded with the ANC government to undermine the Afrikaans character of their institutions. In other words, the Afrikaner elite has apparently decided against Afrikaners, or they are unable to decide what is in fact in the best long-term interest of Afrikaners.
The family had been sick with very bad spring colds and I was the first to get well enough to get out of bed. My little baby brother had kept my parents up all night with his coughing and Mommy and Daddy just wanted to sleep the day away. I got up and dressed myself as best as I could. Shorts with pink flowers in the print, orange sweater, snow boots with no socks.
If you were hiring a new bass player you might consider many factors: can he sing, does she know the style you play, does he have the look, do you all get along, can she both learn the material and contribute to it? Similarly, ask yourself after meeting with a producer: does he like my music, does she get my music? You want someone who is enthusiastic about your material and knows your genre. Does he offer criticism and is it constructive? You don’t want a wimp who won’t tell you honestly what is good and what isn’t. At the same time you need someone who is sensitive to your pride as a group and as a songwriter. Does his perspective seem helpful? After all, his suggestions must seem to you to be an improvement over the way things were.
This week entry will be on culture differences of international communication.
the way over to the other side of the super sexy spectrum, you're bound
LT
Khan explains the hell heand his men have faced. A nearby planet exploded yearsago, rendering his world nearly uninhabitable. An alien parasite killed hiswife sometime ago, as well. He blames all his calamities on Kirk, who has consumed all his thoughts.
What’s that? Johnson is a self-professed Buddhist? No wonder she describes herself as a “student of … Buddhist philosophy” on her website.
Here is the brief list of songs that one of our wonderful interns came up with that are currently popular and don’t have inappropriate references/language. The musicians might not all be quality role models and the songs might not all be positive, but at the very least, they don’t shout “Hey 8 year old! Binge drinking, STDs and rehab are f-ing awesome!”
Only many years later did Basil Sampson, a former editor of Drum, disclose that the speech was in fact a carefully contrived document which he himself edited and polished at the request of Mandela's counsel, Bram Fischer, an Afrikaner and probably the most fanatical communist ideologue this country has ever known.
I offer the following suggestions:
And yes, it DOES sound as bad as it is. Because there is NOTHING you can do to "quick fix" it. So, we endure a three day run of horrible coughing at night, gasping breathing, sometimes vomiting (like last night ) from the shear force of coughing. A lot of times, we opt for the "go to" drug, steroids, which gives us the Incredible Hulk in pre-school form. (Envision Kevin telling you..."Mr. McGee, don't make me angry. You wouldn't like me when I'm angry"). Not a pretty sight, and truly, it doesn't even seem to work well anymore. Doesn't matter...steriods are prescription, and we're out from the last time we saw our doctor in Morgantown.
The few things that you have to know about this place:
The 2011 report is about the same. "Continuing to serve naturally raised meats in all of our restaurants is one of our primary goals, but we have and will continue to face challenges in doing so. Some of our restaurants served conventionally raised chicken or steak for much of 2011, a few markets reverted to conventionally raised beef in early 2012, and more of our restaurants may periodically serve conventionally raised meats in the future due to supply constraints."
And he is not here.
It’s a technic.
Launching a cold-sweets business in a city nicknamed Hotlanta? Now that should be a no-brainer. Mining Southern culinary touchstones for his inspiration, Steven Carse has more than earned hisKing of Pops moniker — and his loyal following, who visit his cart in the Poncey-Highland neighborhood (aka Atlanta’s burgeoning street-food center) weekdays from 3 to 8 p.m. and weekends from 12 to 8 p.m. His stick shtick? Frosty takes on Georgia peaches, Arnold Palmers (sweet tea and lemonade), and banana pudding — complete with frozen hunks of Nilla Wafers. 1079 North Ave., kingofpops.net.
Myth #3 - Stetson Hats
Let’s hope I can hold my tongue when I start teaching. My husband tells me ALL the time to watch my mouth. It’s dirty and I can’t help it.
I eyed the rubber gloves cautiously and then realized she/he was probably just going to check how well I’m hanging. Sure enough, she/he said to lower my drawers and turn my head to the side. Cool, I can handle it if she/he can; haha. But then I noticed she/he put a box of tissues on the exam table. I knew this was a legit doctors’ office and that happy endings are not part of the physical so this couldn’t be for that kind of cleanup.
At-Large Bid: Mountain West Conference
This is Nature’s typical cycle of animals either re-emerging after winter hibernation or subsisting on their fat during long cold winters in the northern hemispheres when temperatures drop well below freezing and there is less plant life for food.
After his playing career, which lasted from 1966-78, he became the bullpen coach for the Brewers. He was also a pitching coach for a couple of years in the 1990s.
Some people were most upset about Jesus teachings about the Kingdom of God. They wanted an earthly kingsdom so intensely that they could not hear, nor comprehend that the kingdom was inside of them too. It still is.
so many of you are participating and we love to hop over to each others' blogs,
Mrs. Curry
The story itself was absolutely gripping and a real page turner. Clear your day because once you've picked this book up you won't be able to stop until you've reached the end! Kimberly Derting has pulled out all the stops to create a plot which is thrilling, heart pounding and exciting. The final page by itself is jaw-droppingly good and I'm thrilled that there's set to be another book in the series.
And so life goes on…
It doesnt matter where I teach or how big the event is, I instantly try to find a connection to each person in the class because that is what matters. That connection is why I teach. The energy that a positive, hard working group can create is so unique and powerful. I felt it so strong today. As I was teaching this morning I really took it all in. 6 months ago I was afraid to get on a teacher's bike. I remember driving to the YMCA, telling myself that no matter what happened, I would be okay. I remember how terrified I was, I almost didn't go. I remember the first time I taught at Fly and Traci threw me up on the bike. She asked me if I was ready and I am sure I said "oh ya, totally ready." but on the inside I was dying. Scared out of my brain! The thing that I am most proud of is that I knew I wanted to do this. I knew I loved fitness and people and feeling healthy. I pushed past all of the fear and here I am today, feeling so comfortable teaching it feels like second nature.
On a white background i stamp the swirl with embossing powder than
The restaurant needs to know our order ahead of time, so we’ll be asking you to pick one of the following at check in on Saturday:
Let's break up these broken united states, and create individual, autonomous regional countries, whose governments more accurately reflect the zeitgeist of a particular area, and can govern more flexibly and smoothly. It's time. It's been time. We're fooling ourselves if we really believe that things are going to get better. Moderates in congress are fleeing like rats from a sinking ship. The age of moderation, compromise, and cooperation are over. The halls of congress are now a battlefield, and neither side is winning or will win, but the tragedy is that the stalemate isn't only affecting the soldiers, it's affecting us all.
Her mother brought her closer and asked her to feel the carrots. She did and
There are words that, due to lack of use, have fallen by the wayside of our vernacular highways. They are still defined in the dictionaries, and they remain tucked into thesauruses, but they now hold more honor on lists in books such as Jeffrey Karcik’s The Word Museum. I love these words. I love the fact that someone somewhere determined that a word was going to be made official and hence put it to use in the English language. Notice that I said “someone” rather than specifying a linguist or a language expert or some such professional character. As you’ll soon discover, many of the words that I will be discussing were created out of necessity due to a pressing situation or condition, or simply an inadequacy or vacancy in the existing language.
And miles to go before I sleep,
Once again my name is Danielle * and my son Jacob * is a second grade student at Lighthouse Elementary. I emailed a letter to you last week regarding my son and the lack of care the School District has shown toward his education. I spoke with some of you on Thursday and Friday of last week and I thank you for taking the time to speak with me. However, Superintendent Gent, I was promised a phone call from *Coleman, which I did not receive and * Parks was to get back to me today and once again nothing. I understand that you are all busy dealing with the students of Palm Beach County, but I am dealing with my son’s education and I will not stop until I get the assistance and answers both he and I deserve.
It was my third time at Malice and the best one yet. I had a wonderful time seeing old friends, making new ones, and meeting readers. Thank you to everyone who organizes this celebration of the traditional mystery each year.
The name of the dish refers to the beautiful veil-like quality of the bamboo pith, somewhat see through where you can sort of make out what's inside but you can't see it clearly, you just sort of see a shadow of it. The name is supposed to poetically evoke the shadow of a beautiful woman glimpsed through a veil or thin curtain - in a romantic, not creepy way - get your dirty minds out of the gutter.
Welcome to our last CLP Sketch challenge for the year.
06 Mar 2012: Fire in Tembeissoukat pasture land, the second within a 5km radius in less than a week and the fourth in recent months, raising suspicions of deliberate sabotage of animal grazing among locals. These episodes coincided with the “Hope 2012<U+2033> program to alleviate food and animal feed shortages.
Now let's unravel this dialogue - what is she actually saying. "she said that the Muslim community not only in the United Kingdom but across Europe face the rising level of anti-Islamic sentiments."
The IPKat likes patents for perpetual motion machines (though, embarassingly, he couldn't find a link to this one). They shouldn't need to be expensive to examine once you rumble the concept, so the patent office should get good income from them. The inventor is happy because he's got his patent. The patent agent is happy because he gets his fees. Other manufacturers sleep soundly because, if the invention is contrary to the laws of nature, there's not much risk of infringing it. Merpel adds, there's not much sympathy for investors. They're prepared to sink a lot of money each year into patents that don't work even if they're not contrary to the laws of nature; if they don't do their due diligence, it's their own fault.
What about blight?
Imagine. You. Because.
The original Greek translation of the word Church means the called out ones. The English version means “dedicated to the Lord. Commonly used to refer to a holy place or temple, it typically implies a sacred building or temple.
Posting photos soon so you too may admire is adorabilitousitude.
Oh got a really bad wave of nausea...I think I'll stop now and go lie down, or is that lay down? Don't correct me. I don't really care. :P
“Thank you for giving us your services,” the CISD chief said with a smile. And I must have thanked her a hundred times. “Do you have any questions?”
Meanwhile, I move my spastic-ness to the living room couch and try to settle in there. There’s no point in keeping my hubby up as well. Our dog – an elderly Golden Retriever with a lapdog mentality, tries to jump on the couch next to me. I scold her. She slurps me with a kiss to the face anyway, because, honestly, Golden Retrievers don’t know any other way to react except with love. I could learn a lot from my dog.
As the months went by Ms X noticed that after each vaccination Emma became sick, however, convinced that by giving Emma her routine vaccinations she was doing the best that she could do for her child and on the advice given to her by her doctor, she continued to allow Emma to have the vaccinations. She said:
Batch Size: 11.00 gal into fermenter (10 gallons finished)
3M double-sided adhesive
Here is the actual blurb:
A Bean and a Crumpet were in the smoking room of the Drones Club having a quick one before lunch, when an Egg who had been seated at the writing table in the corner rose and approached them.
My mom made all my costumes.
He relentlessly cried and called out her name in sheer desperation.
It will have a place in my dollhouse shop, that I started a while ago........
Vernon hopped into his little car, backed down by the shed to give his dad a thumb’s up, and headed off to his job site, where he was working construction.
Floral perfume, neck-warmed and drifting to tempt.
Landlord E-mails Sparkle:
Distances:
I have had a bit of a hard time at work lately. Don't get me wrong, I genuinely like my job, my coworkers, my boss and the company I work for. But, I am learning, the hard way, that I have to say no sometimes and wow, is that hard or what? So my new "no" is getting some backs up but I really, truly, CANNOT do what I am being told to do, it's a job in itself, and it needs to be discussed as a department issue, and everyone for some reason is very fiery about it. So I feel guilty, and bad, but also strong, and determined, to get this worked out, but it is hard to balance that with my very powerful desire to please and have everyone just LIKE me. I don't like 'strong discussions' and a few toes are being stepped on, but I have to toe (haha) the line and keep on with my 'no', so that we get some positive outcomes out of this.
Absolut Raspberri – 40%
Best Weight Loss Tips – Daily Visits to the Scale
Kettler has the clone issue wrong, the Chinese troops info wrong, and Drake wrong. He is basically WRONG. Kettler is as crazy as a three-legged chair in an ass-kicking contest. He is nuttier than soup sandwiches.
is not sexy as it sounds
LINE 10 muffin cups with paper liners
In reality, in the adult world, we most of us do the work that is expected from us, whether as part of paid employment or as part of some other commitment such as family life. We are to work as if we were working for the Lord. Now, my little ones don't understand that yet. But if they develop the habit of working only when they want money and expect to be paid, they may have trouble transitioning later to that other attitude. (Or maybe not, if you handle it sensitively. I speak for myself here--I think I would have trouble helping them make that transition.)
This does not surprise us. Even Satan changes himself to look like an angel of light, So it does not surprise us if Satan’s servants also make themselves look like servants who work for what is right. But in the end they will be punished for what they do.
Lien Sale Outreach Dates:
Though, on the plus side, I do find that my old friend the orgasm has made a return appearance. Hello! Glad you're back!
On that whole messy note, this cleaned up so easy with water and then for the stubborn spots I used ScraPerfect The Best Cleaner Ever.
My parents were my friends with whom I could share anything under the sun. I guess this respect for growth and freedom has made me a better mother.
Tania
I've really been feeling the pressure to get moving on the room Cameron and his new brother or sister will be sharing. I mentioned awhile back that I want to build a tall bookshelf and a bed for Cameron, and I want to get that done before I get huge and uncomfortable. I think we're going to buy lumber this weekend so I can go ahead and start while I still feel great.
If you still haven't heard of it you're not thr first. If I haven't been to Sentosa lately I wouldn't have known that this building here exists just outside Beach Station. You know, that station where you go for Songs of the Sea? Yah, there.
Xypherous: Yes. It is clear now. You must destroy the Nexus of your guilt. The guilt you because you took Iron Stylus’ spot on the Summoner Showcase.
i’m trying to shoot my way out with words
"I hope you won’t stay till after dark. And I beg of you to let that thing on the table- the thing that looks like a match-box- alone. We don’t know what it is, but we suspect it has something to do with what he did. We even avoid looking at it very steadily."
When reading Daniel Kahneman’s book Thinking Fast and Slow there were pain and pleasure experiments discussed in and about page 381 which goaded a thought experiment into my fevered brain. I will get to that in a bit. The experimenter told the subject there were three short pain experiments where they were to voluntarily hold their hand in ice water. The first was to be for 60 seconds and for them to record on a scale of 0 – 10 just how painful that felt. The second was after a resting period of seven minutes to hold their hand in the ice water for 90 seconds and record just how much pain they felt.
slipped past my opened window and candle, waiting
Its services’ pervasiveness, Vaidhyanathan observes, has made it possible for Google to shape us: “we are not Google’s customers: we are its product. We—our fancies, fetishes, predilections, and preferences—are what Google sells to advertisers.”
"It has taken the governing party 14 years just to admit there is a problem. Will it take them another 14 years to do something about it?"
You can too take into consideration what type of actions they’ve on-line also with polls, quizzes, articles and all sorts of issues that will help you meet up with new individuals also. However, in terms of the time to begin eager about meeting online and meeting head to head, then you will get nervous and somewhat panicked. It’s comprehensible however some sites will provide assist to to get by method of the nervousness and help two individuals meet up safely and in a place which is going to be comfortable for both parties involved. You might not have the ability to feel snug or even get to know your personal feelings about somebody until you sit down in a relaxed environment where you may each have a dialog and get to know one another.
I want to find a place where Errol Flynn had sex and have kinky sex with my girlfriend on that very spot.
Darlene Morales - 63
If one excludes Barnsley, the only period when all five remaining branches were open simultaneously was from 1889-1890. Although this dates the trade label rather than the opalotype itself, it is likely that the latter was produced around that time. The following comments were made by fellow photo researcher David Simkin, who very kindly looked the image:
I will serve God’s purposes in my own time, for I am worthy of eternal life in Christ Jesus! Amen!
Looks like Mary Ann lives in the Grand Island, Nebraska, area. Maybe somewhere like Broken Bow. Yea, that sounds good.
Peter Butterworth is excellent and gives a wonderful comic turn as the Monk. He is also involved in one of the best cliffhangers ever in Doctor Who, when Vicki and Steven stumble across his TARDIS! Imagine what that would have been like as a viewer in 1965. Another TARDIS and another 'Time Lord.' Although we won't hear them called that for some time to come, so for now we'll call him another of the Doctor's race. Inside the Monk's superior Mark IV Tardis, with working chameleon circuit disguising it as a saxon sarcophagus Vicki and Steven discover a collection, something from every period and place and a journal detailing how the Monk discussed principals of powered flight with Da Vinci. He also goes on to boast that the britons would never have made stone henge without using his anti gravity lift. Thanks for clearing that one up Mr. Spooner.
Step 1: Collect materials
Today’s News A la Jessica:
When we are present we are much more effective in our lives.
The mind is not a mirror bright;
are filled with images of her sitting at her
Nathan and Elena from Uncharted. They're adorable, and their allure is authentic love.
“Well, it’s definitely not a Snuggie, so thank you.”
The point of the post is not to spoil the story, or review it as it has been described, as “mommy porn,” but to say how uncomfortable I would be discussing this book in a book club setting. There is not enough wine for that, and I think it had to have been a short discussion.
Still hanging in there. Feeling pretty good. Seems this new roller coaster gets the best of me at times but I'm getting the hang of it.
This is pretty much my day in chronological order. Insert a bunch more crazy stuff and performances in between some pictures though.
It's a mere $20 to have a table ... plus I get to hang out with Jen for a few hours ... and that is worth the price of admission alone!
But they aren’t completely dead and so I look at Xbox 360 the Official Xbox Magazine for some of my monthly reading. One thing to note about the magazine straight off is that all the reviews can be read at the magazine’s website, kind of a set back but I feel people read a magazine for a companion on the journey or something to pick up which does help separate itself from an internet page in which you seek to find information.
SUPER BOWL XLVI (46) was an exciting game to watch, especially the final 5 minutes or so. The game was kept close through out. The game could have gone either way and both teams missed some scoring opportunities and dropped passes that would have been huge plays that would have led to a score.
Brodsky asked about the first $2 billion. Lieber said that’s where the city was with Hudson Yards.
soul? And why have you become disturbed within me? Hope in God, for I shall
I am two minds about this. On one hand, I am glad she is finding it fun! She likes performing and learning a new experience. She was overjoyed when she got through the auditions to play a part in the haunted house. Then she saw the costumes for the role two weeks ago, and she was thrilled as she always wanted to wear a bibik’s sarong kebaya.
Son basvuru: 6 Agustos 2012
11 of 11 people found the following review helpful.
If you remember nothing else, remember that any reference by anyone to “greenhouse gas emissions” involves the lie that they influence the weather or the world’s climate.
Given the size and breath of our youth program here in the United States a background check should be MANDATORY upon signing any documents related to coaching at any and every level of USATF programs! To discover that this hasn’t been the policy is simply appalling. THIS is why we need a registry, and this is what we should be talking to all of our coaches and program leaders about. It’s a service that is LONG overdue.
So I was just wondering, … would I actually be attractive to the kind of person I would be interested in? Those were my “more thoughts” on the matter! :)
It should be obvious to everyone. The point of Roberts' criticism isn't exclusively focused on the translation. The heart of his conviction is his belief that Vatican II created a new church, with a new kind of worship, and this ought to take the place of what came before. In Roberts new church there is no such thing as a distinction between priest and people. Everyone in the pew is now their own priest. To follow Roberts' logic, we must conclude that He Who before Vatican II was the same yesterday, today and forever, is now someone very different. And Tom Roberts likes it that way, and wants to call it Catholicism.
I will tell you right now that if you don’t have this information, looking at your royalty statement is meaningless.
As we wait out the last 13+ minutes of the show, I'd like to brag a little bit about my new computer. It's a beast! Liquid-cooled, 9 GB of RAM, quad-core, SLI-capable glowing-red not-quite positronic madness.
The second (and more difficult) test to pass is the willingness of the winning party to be called to account, and to have its decisions weighed and measured by independent institutions against the yardstick of a bill of rights and just laws. This test of democracy requires that ruling parties accept limitations on their powers by institutions acting in the interests of the people as a whole, not just the ruling clique of the majority party.
experience the first miracle in his life as the doctor surprisingly told his mom hours later I dont know what happen, theres a new heart, new lungs, new liver when before it was totally not working.
Notice the bridge in the picture above… Thats Bheem Pul… Legend has it that when the Pandavas came here during that great final-journey, they found Saraswati river cutting the mountain, and thundering across… To cross it at this point would have been too dangerous… And to find a place to cross it would mean walking a long way downstream, and Draupadi was not up to it… So Bheemasena, picked up a huge rock and placed it across the river… So that Draupadi could cross…
The Road
What this means is that once you learn to recognize the signs of a speculative bubble, it’s possible to make exact predictions of future events with perfect confidence. A fair number of people—I was one of them, as longtime readers of this blog will recall—did that with the real estate bubble that popped so catastrophically in 2008. Few bubbles in economic history showed the signs of imminent trouble more clearly than this one, and while all but a tiny fraction of economists missed those signs, they were not lost on less blinkered observers. As Keith Brand over at the HousingPanic blog—a voice of sanity all the way through the bubble—used to say, “Dear God, this is going to end so badly.” He was right; his more specific predictions, and those of a lot of other bubble bloggers, were by and large square on targer; and those who derided them—and there were a lot of them, some with impressive credentials—have spent the last three years doing their best to pretend that they didn’t make fools of themselves.
Many of you have planted pink flowers to honor our little angel friend, Payton. I had specifically asked for pink flowers when dad left for the (plant) nursery. When mom came back from the (kids) nursery, she saw what dad had planted.
I lingered around the race site and had a few cups of isotonic drinks and Milo before heading home for a hearty and well-deserved breakfast of fried arrowhead chips and assam laksa. Despite the tough course, I’d enjoyed the race very much.
Reagan-"Reid..sob...sniffle..sob..he...cry..sob..pee..."
There was a clearing up ahead. From the darkness of the forest the unfettered light cast it in a faint palette making it difficult to see but as his horse drew nearer Lord Fuckington could make out more detail. Wild grass reaching upwards to the sun. As he reached the point where the shadow of trees gave way he steadied his horse. 200 yards yonder he saw what he had been searching for, that which and drawn him on. A solitary piebald doe, intricately marbled in colour between white and brown, stood feeding on the grass. He thought of the fun he would have torturing this fine animal, slicing and cutting, dismembering – The noises it would make! The fine meal that could be had! Then again, that would entail returning home with its body, and he hadn’t brought any servants with him to carry it.
Urging the PM to advise the Yang di Pertuan Agong to form a tribunal immediately, Mat Zain said Najib should do it before he goes on his impending vacation, if he felt deceiving the agong and Conference of Rulers was a serious matter.
Prime Minister Harper has come outright and said that he would not support the motion. Also the Conservative whip Gordon O’Connor stated that it should be rejected. Mr O’Conner stated that despite Woodworth’s claims, the motion is intended to lead to a change in Canada’s abortion laws.
"Hi," I say in french. "Would it be possible for you to mount me?"
Doug: This is a great cover, isn't it? If I had been a Hulk fan when I was 11, Ernie Chan would have made me buy this.
I feel detached and disenchanted.
All joy today dear readers. Nashville will inspire you to write. It is full of character and characters.
I can honestly say that, for once, I felt amazing about myself. Little did I know what would happen next.
One cup chicken broth
And have I told you? I love ye all! I've taken 4 books from library, and hopes to perform a much required CPR on my other blog. I know it's probably too late, but perhaps a miracle will help?
Why did I care? Why couldn’t I just say I wasn’t going to be there and if the group failed to gather, or if they gathered clumsily, or if someone rose to the occasion and new heights in small group discussions were reached— any of these things would be fine, and of little consequence in the grand scheme of things. But for me it was a personal matter between me and God. I consider one of my jobs as a Christian to be aware of my spiritual gifts, the ones that have been given to me for the enhancing of His kingdom. Leadership is one of those gifts. If God called me to Taize and I ended up in charge of this little group— however straggly we might appear— then it was not for me to withdraw. But boy did I want to. All through lunch I wavered, still holding out for the possibility that someone else would step up, that I would be free. And then I thought of Michael, chained to his wheelchair, and the possibility that he would make the trek up to our gathering spot and there would be no group to greet him. Maybe even more than God, I could not bring myself to disappoint him.
The Royal Malaysian Air Force (RMAF) lost two jet engines, worth millions. Only three junior RMAF employees were arrested.
A spokesperson for Statistics Iceland, Olof Gardarsdottir, said to the AFP: “This is a world record. They live even longer than Japanese men.”
Static I can't turn off frequents, with words,
It is clear that “hardlinking” a story from our website directly to another site, such as a blog, is an important service to our readers. Such a link provides the reader direct access to the other site.
Granddaughter (who had spent the night before and the whole day with her older girl cousins): "I had lunch at the Aloha Kitchen."
During the colder months I do bake Salmon, but we prefer Grilled Sockeye Salmon. Seafood is GREAT!
‘Yeah I noticed that. Mine came with a small note saying that my glasses made me look a dork.’ I readjusted my glasses on my nose. ‘I like my glasses.’
- might need to be early to settle housing... if I decide not to stay on residential hall next year.
The two thoughts that stuck with me today...
“Some of those concentrations were up to 100-1,000 times higher than what had existed off Japan before the accident,” said Buesseler. “Those levels are still low relative to direct impacts on humans, in terms of exposure, and organisms living in them. And, even if you eat the seafood from these waters off shore, that would be the primary pathway by which you might be affected at this point in time.”
back porch coloring. family train ride (museum of life & science, durham). hot cocoa and a chocolate croissant -- not a bad way to start a tuesday (parker & otis). future picasso? gardening with friends (kidzu, chapel hill). hunting for butterflies with caroline and caleb (museum). rex and bronto go everywhere with us. the first haircut. check out my new 'do. "cheese!" waking up and looking so much like once-upon-a-time little boy daddy. prince ben rescuing princess sydney atop clubhouse mountain . . . at least that's what she said. i can't get over how old he looks with short hair. deep thoughts mid-swing. hot dogs and pickles, his favorite lunch, with jack (saladelia cafe). i guess he's not ready for 18-24 month pants yet . . .
I don’t mind in the slightest. After taking yesterday off, and celebrating a bit with Mr. Steph, I’m looking forward to working it up a bit more before I set it aside to rest. Outlining triumphs again :)
unified public face for evangelicism for social action and public engagement. In fact, the self-description of Christianity Today at its’ founding in 1956 was as, “transdenominational literature speaking in a clear voice on behalf of evangelical Christianity.” This is no doubt a noble intention, and it has probably had some of the intended effect of promoting moral dialogue and displaying for the world a truer model of justice then self-interest.
Michael: Communication skills. “I can negotiate for trading of sticks and firewood.”
Communist Propaganda
As stated, the City is providing the H1N1 vaccine at no cost to public and non-public school students. Elementary school students have received H1N1 information packets with vaccination consent forms that parents and guardians must return to have their children vaccinated. No child will be vaccinated without parental consent.
We may write in isolation, but we Connect.
Houses of Parliament
Oh, the (in)humanity!
What are your feelings on pitch correction and these electronic tuners that fix out-of-tune vocals? Some artists say they are crap and make everything sound bland. What do you recommend for singers to warm up their voices, stay in tune, and avoid the machinery to fix the vocals in post production?
Illness, injury, love, lost moments of true greatness and sheer stupidity
If you prefer to give the gift of a writing workshop-- my next one starts in January, runs for six weeks, and costs $300. If you email me before the 20th and tell me the secret code (which is Rebound Eats Dante's Poop) I will give you a $50 discount.
this year we. are. GOING.
Payton is a nervous kid. The doctor was fantastic. He explained exactly what he was doing before he did it but didn't let Payt watch. He said I could but we know that is not a good idea. Lucky for me Jared came along and blood- no matter whose- is awesome to him. I think if the doc would have allowed it Jared would have taken the scissors and knife and cut him open himself. No kidding he did it to Tyler (another long story).
I'm happy to present another interview with a grown unschooler! To see all interviews with grown unschoolers on this blog, go here. And now, I hand the reins over to Anna:
Hummmm . . . I think I may be on to something!
2/6 Slice has cheese, olives, mushrooms, pepperoni, and peppers
--Do you plan on continuing to write flash fiction/short stories, or do you have aspirations for longer-form fiction?
I have tried to communicate with you to share how you carry the tradition of emotional abuse in this family however you do not seem to get it, you don’t understand.
I've never felt the glittering rush of wind
9. A gun or rifle, with the head of the family or a member who knows how to operate a gun, and has no issue with shooting and attacker.
“However…”
For lunch, we went back to the town close to the hotel. This was a very cute small town with lots of nice little restaurants and stores. There were lots of families since it was a weekend.
Ta Ann has been sourcing its wood from these areas and MPs like Bryan Green are demanding that unless the company is allowed to continue then they will pull out of the valuable agreement.
Cats on the bartop, disco light flickering, chewed up flip flops on the floor.....
The Ballad... details the pitfalls of humanity, all essentially brought about by the most horrible addiction of all: our need of other people. Golden’s work frankly depicts the rejected, forgotten underbelly of society, just by being there and bearing witness. The abused, the addicted, the sexually different, the sick, the dying and the dead are all hear. But not for pity or for expose, for honor. These were the people she knew and loved. Perhaps summing it up best is her quote, "I used to think I couldn't lose anyone if I photographed them enough...In fact, they show me how much I've lost."
I also went to a retreat this month with my small group, except for Dawn who was at guard. We had a great time sewing and socializing. It is always so great to hang out with a bunch of people who have the same love for quilts as you!
“Jiggly!”
Ok so here's the other side of the story. Guy is at a bar and gets rip roaring drunk and accidentally staggers on to the dance floor, trips and grabs at a nearby girl's arm in order to steady himself. The girl is actually insane and turns on said drunken fool and begins to punch him senseless, even as he is falling to the ground. His poor friends come running over to his defense shouting "Stop! He was just falling! Please stop! He was just falling!"
The Passover Murder by Lee Harris
Lee Donghae
And this is where my problem with the film, and all of Hollywood and our current society, comes in. Instead of focusing on the breakdown in their relationship as the reason for their continued happiness with each other to be jeopardized, the film paints physical distance as the all consuming factor. It’s cowardice and farce, and it sickens me that a film maker wouldn’t have the courage to tell the truth of the story instead of hiding it behind circumstance.
Leazes Park was Newcastle’s first public park. It was designed by John Laing and opened by Alderman Sir Charles Hamond on the 23rd of December 1873. It became the first public or peoples park created on Tyneside for the purposes of exercise and recreation. The Council minutes show that the park was laid out over a number of years and could not be appreciated as 'complete' until the 1890's.
Here is the outside of my box....
When I was feeling bad, I rarely let anyone know because almost everyone else I knew seemed happy. I figured that the people who I thought were happy, or smart, or attractive, or athletic, would never want to hear about my problems or sadness because they had never experienced sadness themselves. I mean, what would someone who "had it all together" have to offer me, except more ridicule and a reinforcement of my own inadequacies? That was my first mistake - believing that I was alone.
Victory against reigning Southampton Premier Division champions, Bush Hill, may not have been widely anticipated, but nor was conceding ten goals in the space of one afternoon, as Burridge go crashing out of the Southampton Senior Cup at Green Park , Millbrook.
I lean on the rose of Mary
As this site has become a great place for PKD fans to discuss the texts and media happenings, I've decided to invite a few readers and fellow Dick scholars to become contributors here. If you're interested in writing something or leading a discussion, please let me know. I'm thinking of remaking this blog more in the model of the Philip K Dick Society Newsletter with myself acting as the Paul Williams, editing and publishing work done by garage scholars and academics motivated by curiosity rather than currency. We've had great discussions about Palmer Eldritch, Maze of Death, Flow My Tears, and others. I'd like to feature more of these types of discussions, starting with "I Hope I Shall Arrive Soon" (also published as "Frozen Journey"). Get a hold of this story and I'll post some interesting discussion questions from my class in the next couple of days. Let's try to dig a bit deeper than this...
A journey writer's main interest is going to be - generally - how the characters get there from here, whereas a destination writer is more interested in where they're going. I don't intend to stigmatise destination writers at all, but I am - as you may have guessed - a journey writer myself. I find it very difficult to get through the middle of a book unless I know where I'm headed; I tend to lose interest, or flail around as directionlessly as my characters. The rest of this blog is going to be of very little interest to destination writers, I'm afraid.
Tanya Huff – The Vengeful Spirit Of Lake Nepeakea
The Original Basil T's Maxwell's Dry Stout
Details guarding the line.)
Conspiracy is notoriously difficult to prove, and is suspected far more, I think, than it actually occurs.
1 Tbsp. worcestershire
I recognize those cabinets, hinges and stove hood! They're the same as my own in my 80's era rental kitchen. Here, a sweet little frame has been put directly onto a cabinet door, and most of the focus goes to the beautiful (and newly? installed) butcher block counters, sink, and window with glass shelves. The hot pink flowers in the sink take it to the next level. I love it when stylists put flowers in the sink.
The common format for resolutions (sensible and otherwise) includes a
(As I glance upward out of this page studying you, dear friend,
Meanwhile television is telling us to feel sympathy for immigrants and how ill-used they have been. They boost them but put us down. The neglect is psychological and subliminal. We are left out of adverts as the typical unit is portrayed as a black with a white woman.
It was amazing watching Jonathan - This picture is from the 2nd story window (sorry it's so fuzzy- the windows are a mess from pressure washing)- He was like a trapeze artist walking and working on those beams!
3. We talk a lot about how ebooks are revolutionisng everything from publishing to the way we make marmite, it seems. But we are also seeing a rebirth in high quality handmade books go hand in hand with that. Here's one:
I have been thinking over the past few weeks about how to maintain my cardcrafting momentum from Christmas. No matter how much you love an activity, life has a way of interrupting, so I wanted to pick up some kind of responsibility to keep me going. Doing something like a craft fair or making cards for soldiers is still more or less a committment to myself. I thought maybe a design team would be the ticket, especially a biweekly challenge so I could feel more confident about my ability to contribute. So, one night I closed my eyes and clicked submit on the old Linky for the DT call at Paper Crafting Journey. And then it was a daily check to see who else had submitted and how many someone elses had submitted. LOL I know, I know... pathetic. Well, we all have our weaker moments. =) There are just sooooo many awesome crafters out there that it's hard not to compare and feel at least a little bit inadequate or unskilled. I just remind myself that this is for fun and I'm not going to be -or expected to be- the next Michelangelo or Picasso of the cardmaking world. =)
“That gives us some time even if they’re already on the move,” Pappy stroked his beard thoughtfully.
The lawyer explain, "It's common in a Joint-Venture Agreement. One of you will get slaughtered."
anyway, since i had a lot more time on my hands and didn’t know what to do with myself, i took on a task that i had procrastinated for weeks: cleaning & reorganizing my studio.
And for your personal enjoyment, you can read some city directories at the Brooklyn Public Library or at the Brooklyn Historical Society, unless you're fortunate enough to find one in someone's trash.
Lovely scattered with (toasted) sunflower, sesame or pumpkin seeds.
- The Louis Vuitton Monogram Inventeur Pouchette bags are here.They feature:
Two years ago, close to this day, I realized that someone that I cared about with my whole heart, had lied to me the whole time. He and I were, unofficially, together for around 5 months total. He was the only guy who could ever get my heart racing when telling me he was just coming over to say hi to my family and I. It was a foreign feeling for me, and I couldn't get enough of it.
**remember, these are NOT my answers, i have NOT changed anything, this is NOT actually about me and i am JUST fine! what follows are some of the responses i liked best:
I know, I know. I’m letting everybody down. Especially myself.
WHITE PASS RUSH TIP: STORM THE FACTORY METHOD#1
I used his idea to make a more low-tech activity that we could do in the classroom since getting into the computer lab is not always possible at my school. I had the students work in pairs to read a page of movies and a page of restaurants in Buenos Aires, then choose which ones they wanted to go to. Here are the directions I gave the students, the movie and restaurant sheets, and the student answer sheet.
Lucky me, my buddy Quentin, or Q, was there at my place to help me out. We’re talking putting me in the shower, getting me on and off the toilet, and the best housekeeping I’ve ever enjoyed since my sisters came over and did a big ol’ cleanup before I went in for my surgery. So my words to Q are nothing but thanks. This is my very best friend and I am lucky to have him around.
After moving back home from my dorm this week, I have been trying to organize my room. I decided to paint my plastic storage containers to add more color to my room and also so I can store my underwear and things I don't really want everyone to see. (I don't have a dresser in my room at home) Right now it looks like a tornado went through my room. In between painting, I attempted to clean/organize. I haven't gotten very far yet.
"I do."
Standing: Good
Jack’s comment may seem acerbic, but indeed, few art prizes running in this region, no matter how well rewarded, are about pushing contemporary art practice to its limits; they are more about creating safe pieces for the general public to admire during their lunch break.
I like land around me. A small house is fine by me, but when my neighbour sneezes, I don't want to have to wipe my windows. I'm modest in my needs.
BMI Regional operates a fleet of 18 Embraer jets, each with a seating capacity of between 40 and 50, and caters mostly to the business market. Rival Loganair also operates 18 aircraft but with a smaller capacity.
And this is all before the book was even available for purchase and download! To say I'm both humbled and overwhelmed would be a Texas-sized understatment, if such an oxymoron is even possible. But this is simply another indication of how tight the gun-owner community is. We take care of our own--as A Girl And Her Gun point out in her post--and we take care of those who take care of us and who do not demean us.
I landed direct kicks on the rooster's chest, and my husband got in some pretty good hits with the board, but only the broom, which hadn't even touched him, scared Chanticleer away.
They became best buddies. They have seen one another every Tuesday night and Sunday afternoon since they were a few months old. Their bond is much like most cousin's. They are fist fighting one minute, and hugging the next. They are the duo we all love to be around, and everything they say and do is funny. Except when they are breaking glass candle holders and trying to chew on the pieces. True story.
greenthumb. . . parsnip
So this is me dusting myself off the non-reading ground, and maybe sending books overseas again! Visit Bookmooch to know how much fun it is.
Autumn trees
A socially responsible entrepreneur is someone who starts a business with the goal of serving society in one way or another. Sometimes they are individuals who decide to find a solution to a particular problem in society. They take matters into their own hands rather than waiting for government or established business to do something about the problem. Others identify a need and set off to fulfill the need. Businesses can be set up as non-profit or as profit-making models, however the profits are folded back into the business. Some main differences between socially responsible enterprises and charities are their structure and governance. Socially responsible enterprises are free to set up whatever business model they deem appropriate rather than being dictated to by government requirements.
Our thoughts of you are filled with pride.
Chapel Hill, NC ?
701 Pike St, Ste. 800
Henry Talbot / Milk / 31
And then I found out that he has joined African Hearts Boy's home in Ssenge!
So lately I can’t decide what I want to major in. I’m at the point where I’ve drove my parents insane, my friends are lecturing me, and I’m starting to question my future. I started off college as a Nursing major, then went to Information Technology/ Cyber Security; but now I’ve been thinking about International Relations. My parents aren’t too happy with me keep changing my mind, because that means I am racking up one hell of a bill. But should they care when the loans are in my name? I can’t get mad at them because they want whats best. My mom suggested that I should get my Master’s in International Relations, which I don’t mind because everyone knows I want to get my Master’s. I’m just such an indecisive person when it comes to my education. Or maybe it’s because my mom has a little too much to say in it. She kept trying to push me to education, and I only accepted that because the government would pay like 40 % of my student loans for me. Which in my mind is excellente! All I know is that I need to make a decision fast on what I want to do. I can’t keep wasting time.
So I went to my office the following day, filled with absolute certainty that by the time I got home I would find it. That didn’t happen either. Rats!
3 Chicken breasts
Starring: John Cho, Kal Penn, Dan Bochart, Neil Patrick Harris, Ethan Embry, and Paula Garces
And here is the recipe, and the method to make your very own, North Staffs Oatcakes.
- Intentionally drink more mineral-rich tea (while it is still hot) + sit and breath in the process
Blow whistle, steel rails keep on humming
The shuttle goes right pass us the first time and when he finally got to us, he was mad at us because we wasn’t where they told us to be. We stood where all the shuttles were to pick up people. It took 45 minutes to drive from the airport to the hotel when it should have only taken no more than 20. We get there, the place looked old and run down. They didn’t keep the pool clean and it was full of leaves. They closed down one part of the hotel because the balcony had ended and was under construction. Then guest services told us we had to pay a different price than what we agreed as a down payment. I thought the room was going to get better, it didn’t.
Now, I’ve become obsessed with looking at people’s feet. Maybe it’s to find someone else’s unsightly toes that could make me feel better about how mine looked that day. Perhaps it’s like going to a friend’s house and sneaking a peek into her messy closet so that you don’t feel so bad about yours. Not that I’ve ever done that.
And I will tell, what I would always tell to you
I used to think it was because she didn't trust me. Didn't believe I knew how to be, out there, out beyond the ties that bound me to the umbilical cord of her love. I thought she didn't want me to grow, to achieve, to become all I wanted to be.
Delighted to see that the Spacehijackers, who painted their armoured car in Police colours to attend the G20 protests last year, are not going to face charges. The CPS appears to have used the common sense test… “
What follows is one example of an interesting insight that emerged on a recent field visit that could be translated into a product that poor customers could find exciting: on our trip, we noticed that everyone loves gambling.
Zishaan ’ZuZu’ Shafi
She shoos away cookies in favor of crackers. She adores plain cooked green beans. I’ve been trying since Easter, but she won’t let a marshmallow anywhere near her mouth.
This photo was taken on one of the few sunny days we had, with the sun illuminating the warmly colored houses and the cobbled street. I enjoy Rue. Ste. Claire more than any other street in the old city; it is always full of life with shops and cafés sharing the sidewalk with locals and visitors.
We skedaddled out the back window. There was very little time to find the Bookmaker, Ms. M’s uncle. Paul and I made it to the station and hopped the next train out of Moscow.
We’ve been gearing up to making some more lately. It’s getting harder to distinguish one president from the other, so we numbered them and put their names in the bottom so we can learn them better. We’ve been reading about them and trying to find something special about them so we can make a ‘wooden peg president’ different from the other ones. But it’s getting harder to make them look different enough. A fun challenge.
I used one of my 'bleed-through' papers that I cut into tangle tiles a few months back. I love the colors of bleed-throughs, especially this one.
Here are a couple of photos from Tuesday of Emi and Max:
Now I'm a firm believer in doing whatever you want and I know it's good for the economy but I really don't like this trend.
Christie was in Jersey City today to tour St. Lucy's Shelter and help put together Thanksgiving care packages for 13 local families.
Hearts On Noses has an article in a Polish publication this month so if anyone can translate the article for me by even reading it out loud to me drop me a line!!
(2)Remove from heat and add the flour in a steady stream.
But Hubby & I have chosen not to have children, so I pushed these ideas to the back of my mind until one day it dawned on me: there are kids in my family! How the heck did I forget? I'm the worst auntie/cousin. Having remembered about my little tiny family members, I am finally planning my own mini-kitchen makeover, for my adorable little cousin (you can spot her in this post).
The workshop was held at the Bozeman Public Library, a new building -- very green, very gorgeous, full of art and natural lighting, a snowy spring day in Montana. (Yes, I said SNOW!)
We got a puppy! May I introduce to you, Zoe'.
“Benjamin? You all right?”
banana blossom
As she shut the front door, the sound of the heavy oak door echoed around the cul-de-sac and stopped the chatter instantly. The silence was deafening and the looks she got when she walked down the sidewalk to the corner store were full of accusations. It didn’t bother her. No, she couldn’t lie to herself – it did bother her. But, what bothered her more were the looks she observed on others.
AB 1014 reduces unnecessary restrictions on brewery tasting rooms.
Though there are problems with his script, writer and director Marcos Efron manages some beautiful shots, filming on location in Argentina. The stark contrast between a barren, burnt out wooded area, and the beautiful actress Amber Heard is startling, and, if nothing deeper, makes for a beautiful picture. The choice not to use subtitles for the Spanish speaking characters is a strong one, too, and one that brings the audience (the non-Spanish speakers in the crowd) closer to the two lead characters; just as the two girls do not know what is going on around them in this foreign country, neither do we, the audience, and that shared experience helps the audience connect with the main characters, if only a little. Efron’s previous works were all in short films, and his first feature length effort shows promise, but ultimately falls short of memorable.
The prams and bags and shuffling feet
An event is a term used in many game-making programs, but most especially in RPGMaker. An event is what makes things happen in a game. To see the event screen in VX, click here. Some people will refer to the art of creating events as "eventing" to parallel their efforts with "scripting", this is as events can be used to create things as simple as non-playable characters or things as complex as whole battle-systems. It is generally agreed that, the more difficult a system is, the better it is to use "scripting" than "eventing" to create it (and vice-versa).
I love all the images (all 26 images!) in this stamp set and it is the perfect set for invitations for showers, baby announcements and welcome or congratulations baby cards!!! I can't wait to see what all the lovely ladies have created with this super sweet stamp set(s) today! Please check them out:
Moving into the second and third books, she is forced into hiding for killing the head of a cultish religion, and through mystical events finds herself pregnant. She spends a great many chapters obsessing about Tengo in this place of isolation and establishing that he is the father of this child through some sort of immaculate conception. Aomame, pregnant and in love, in hiding and seclusion, is highly frustrating to read or believe, and it seems to me that there is not a lot of continuity with her personality from before. I suppose this is some sort of representation of a personal transformation underway. I kept trying to draw parallels between her pregnancy and her hiding away as a metaphorical womb, but I found myself largely annoyed with her and her long-winded musings and obsessions. She became not much more than a self obsessed delusional shut-in for a large part of the book.
The customs agent looked down on me from his high perch. “I’m from Borneo.” He flipped through my passport. “So you live here?”
The events are actually kind of fun, although I believe it won’t last for long. Remember how last year we got all excited about the new book event concept? That concept just pissed me off later on because Nexon overused it. I fear they’ll do the same for this event, which is a board game!
Las Vegas is like a magnet that draws people from all over the world. Everyone there is essentially a tourist. That's why everything can stay there because people will just go away and back to their normal lives wherever they live. It's a bit bizarre to realize the whole downtown city functions for one reason - tourism.
The word echoes through my brain and my past hurtles towards me as I see the shiny metal marble shoot down the plastic steps; I feel faint, and have to look away. The President is done with survivor style games, he’s on to psychological warfare; I flash back to my parents’ basement . . .
Today is Lets Face it Friday!! Where you make a project for the challenge and it must include Peachy Keen Faces.
In reality, the most challenging part of restoring this parasol was that it was missing the cap that parasols often (but not always) have at the top of the finial. I sacrificed a slightly expensive (but real metal) pen to make this final cap. I'd like to find a better solution, but for now, this will do.
This, of course, echoes the Plantingan position.
Since the birth, she has cut deals with media outlets and posed in tabloid photo spreads to get by, touting a book and exercise videos that never materialized.
Victoria Espinel is Intellectual Property Enforcement Coordinator at Office of Management and Budget
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Toss together the tomatoes, 1/4 cup olive oil, salt, and pepper. Spread the tomatoes in 1 layer on a baking sheet and roast for 45 minutes.
My favorite, however, was the carrot.
I took a small break while writing this post to write a short story; it’s definitely boosted my mood a bit. Lord knows how much I love writing…
Well my blog readers are not my sishyas.. they just stumble in cause google brought them take what words they want, using this as one of their multiple sources of information and they are off. I have closed my university, and have just one student left and yes I do listen carefully to what she has to say.
I realized he wore the same clothes Eli and the other boys did. Not good. He was one of them. Although… I cocked my head, raking my gaze over him. He seemed born to wear the uniform, like he was the pattern everyone else was cut from. My eyes wandered to long, layered, blue-black hair tied at the nape by a silk ribbon. Even in dim light, his hair possessed a sheen akin to mercury.
While the students sat down in the chairs in front of her desk and pulled out their tablet computers, Gisela took a last swig of her Domenicano then trashed her cup. She put her handbag in the large draw of her oak desk. Then she daintily sat down in the wheeled chair in front of her computer, jiggled the mouse to dispel the screen saver showing pictures of women in the Third World, and then pulled up the drafts of the essays that Kendra, Lila and Mitzi had set. Her raised chin and her cheek-length dark straight projected a statuesque look of educated certainty, the kind that is hard won by earning a postgraduate degree in Women’s Studies. She read with confidence, clicked with confidence, evaluated and judged with confidence. After all, she had all the requisite knowledge, skills and values to draw accurate, valid and acceptable conclusions the could seduce like-minded contemporaries in the academic, literary, activist and other elite circles, the people most likely to hold the reins of power necessary to improve the lives of the marginalized and the oppressed, notwithstanding the fact that they had no access to or interest in her theories about them or her proposed solutions to their problems.
Below are some pics from my mom and my garden. Also, in other exciting news, I went to Seattle and met EcoWhore. She was every bit as awesome as she comes off in her blog. It was a momentous occasion for me, because it was her blog, Hobostripper, that inspired me to start writing again. She is someone that I think a lot of people would benefit from reading. I also met another fan of hers, who was very cool too, a poet who told me all about the Groovy Jews House in Seattle. She also said that if something terrifies her, that means that she should probably do it. That made me feel really good for some reason.
Christine flicks some green looking goo from off of me chest. "Totally! Me and him are over! It was coming really. We didn't have much in common anyway. Watching soap operas and a bit of company, but that's that. Total idiot with nothing to say when I got to know him! You might sometimes make no sense, but I should have listened to you a few weeks ago Mr Green!"
3 shallots, skinned and cut into slices
I was watching TV one night and I saw a commercial for this new show, House. I was never one to follow shows, and doctor shows usually didn’t interest me. But something about this show sparked an interest. If I were a more avid television viewer, I’d probably watch this show. But no, it was probably stupid like all the others, so I put that interest aside for a while.
M. Blakeman Ingle
I saw the lights go down and standing in front of me
That could and often would include autism treatments and therapies…just think of all of those kids with special needs that will be denied coverage simply because their parent’s employer claimed a moral objection.
I’m not one to get ill, built with the immune system of a biological tank, so the early-morning shock to the system today was something of a surprise. I’ll spare you the details, but needless to say it isn’t something I’ve encountered for a while.
The Dell 3000cn printer is a color laser type that’s ideal for a small workgroup of PCs. It carries with it some essential features an office can take advantage of to come up with quality printouts.
I awoke to some extremely disconcerting tweets from Alton Brown this morning. Apparently a low-life bunglehole decided to create a Twitter account trying to pass itself (I'm using "it" because this scum is not worthy of being considered human) as AB's wife. In his replies back to this frog-toed nutjob, it was very clear the event rattled AB. Since the offender's account is now gone, there's not a trace of what was tweeted.
into my day to day scene
Body: GETTIN’ JIGGY WIT’ IT
2 tsp concentrated pandan juice
It's become more about the craft, more about story itself. And isn't that really what it's all about anyway?
And … I’m conflicted. On the one hand, who can fail to love Morrie, the college professor slowly dying of ALS (Lou Gehrig’s disease)? He waxes on the importance of love, and people, and really, you just can’t dislike him.
Always Stay Graceful,
BOO-YAH!
1) Re-connecting with my little brother on the phone. It has been awhile since we talked and it was nice to catch up with him.
SEAN: Must I choose?
Why would anyone go to Manchester? More specifically, why would a southern (any more southern and I would be French) Newcastle United supporter want to go to Manchester?……Its just not going to end well!! Well the reason for the journey….like the reason men do most things….is for a beautiful woman. Now I could go on like a love sick poetic puppy for hours about this fantastic woman, but this is a beer blog and I’m sure you don’t really care that much about my personal life. Making the best of the situation, I’m going to visit a vast amount of the great pubs in Manchester so I can try all the beer made by the local breweries in and around the city so that I can tell you all about them and hopefully in the process, show these northerners just how us southern jesses can drink!!…….like I say……Its not going to end well.
These are the general rules to entering:
In the mating of trees,
In 2001, there was a huge increase in street muggings most of which were to do with the theft of mobile phones. One Monday morning, just before I was due to take a class at Leeds University, one of my female students turned up in a very bad state. Her clothing was dishevelled and face covered in tears. She also had all the makings of a nasty black eye. I did all I could to cheer her up. When she had stopped sobbing I asked her what had happened.
And just because I like the photo, see below a snap I took the other night from my other favourite Parisian bridge, the Pont Alexandre III. You've got to hand it to the old dame Paris, she sure does scrub up well.
I have mentioned this to Aliette before and it is a concern that still plagues me because I do write mostly in the context of my own culture: I don’t want to play tourist guide to the reader and yet I also want to write about what is most beautiful and most precious to me. And that is my culture.
This method puts the mentation of wining and plateau games into your handle unitedly making you believe you can win at the tableland games. The verity is that your chances of deed location from the casinos a millionaire is exclusive believable if you walked into the casino as a millionaire.
under the spell
Deniot ~ FABulous Parisian designer who now
The day is long. We make for ourselves all des puntos dulces we require.
This season’s Storm of the Cen-tu-ry! brought seven inches of snow. The town came to a standstill. The rains fell on persistent snowbanks; the rivers rose. My psychiatrist’s secretary called me to cancel the appointment that day, before I could get to calling her.
“Reset the gold standard during today’s 25th Annual California Gold Rush Sale,” QVC said on its website. It’s your golden opportunity to discover style and savings on a stunning assortment of 14K gold jewelry. Hurry for best selection and savings.
They're not "I love you."
C The hare would have just sat there and not moved.
Salt as required
I fussy cut Wryn and adhered her to the card using 2mm dimensionals - tried to keep it pretty flat. Don't want a fat SMASH* book that won't close now, do I? :) I used my craft knife to cut the area out between those amazing shoes of hers - I need a lot more practice at that!
Anyhoo some fairly good news which i will be announcing either late this thursday or early friday may mean i increase my work load but also enjoyment in Sheffield and mean i see some of you bloggers, writters, or plain old beer enthusiasts a little more often. Ill leave you guessing as to what this new found surprise may be. Back onto something i really love doing though, a good old beer review, followed by a little bit of beer related art from Thornbridge.
Paradise Beach: high season, at the moment it seems that there are more tourists than Indians there. The beach is crowded in the daytime and in the nights there are parties in a lot of places.
3. Technique - The reason I train with weightlifters is because I want to learn how to lift weights the correct way and minimise the chance of injury. Weightlifting clubs are plenty but check the credentials of your coach. If you cannot access a weightlifting club, many Olympic websites offer motion charts to show you the correct positioning. Once your work is done in the gym, you must...
16This I say then, Walk in the Spirit, and ye shall not fulfil the lust of the flesh.
He was there in two shakes of a lamb’s tail, which the lamb didn’t appreciate one bit.
The most enterprising place in the UK – to identify the town, city, place or area in the country that is best improving economic prospects and encouraging enterprise.
down takin
Designer Spotlights - Bridal & Evening Wear
Your perspectives shift,
However, short of a major Lotto win and a Yummy Mummy tour to Thailand, that aint gonna happen.
1.Preheat oven to 200 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with a brown paper bag.
But despite this shift, one of the major driving forces behind the practice of divorce started within the women’s rights movement. Not studying much of the topic I never knew what few rights women had in marriage in the late 1800's and how hard we worked to achieve these basic rights such as child custody and the right to have our own property, wages, or even our own bodies.
Aside from some of the rarest hardcore Shaw Bros music, I've also included some re-rips of previous tracks in better quality. I didn't quite meet my goal of 100 tracks but you have to admit, I tried damn hard.
YA books about abuse, vampires, and self-mutilation may get published because that's what sells. But those books probably sell because—at least in the cases of abuse and self-mutilation—that's what is. (I'm not so sure about the vampires.) There are kids out there with very real, gut-wrenching problems, problems too big for them to deal with but they're dealing with them, anyway—and guess what? YA literature, just like all literature, can help them make sense of the senseless things that happen to them. That's what story does. I think what Gurdon would like is to pretend that the dark stuff doesn't exist, or even if it does, it should be swept into the sewage system as easily as what we flush down the toilet. And maybe for her life, she's right.
We had something special, Dave and I . We really did.
Anyway, that’s the basic information itself, which obviously isn’t fun. But on top of it, the news came to me from D&U themselves, which tells you right there that just GETTING the update was even LESS fun. Because I think I’ve just discovered ANOTHER down side to the whole Earth Online situation – the two of them decided to deliver this little tidbit to me IN TELLS while I was ON THE GAME. Which, first of all, that’s supposed to be my down time, to relax. Second of all, there are actually OFFICIAL CHANNELS they could use to report things, which would not involve intruding on the aforementioned down time, and, you know, distracting me with WTF news while I’m trying not to die to an elite. And then, just to finish off, the pickle on the crap sandwich of the whole situation if you will, the TWO of them decided they were going to deliver the news by BOTH getting into whispers with me, INDIVIDUALLY, at the SAME TIME.
Nifong and his advisors (the “Troika” of Wilson, wife Cy Gurney, and citizens’ committee co-chair Victoria Peterson) apparently thought the new version represented a clever way of minimizing the significance of the withheld DNA evidence. Instead, the DA presented to the Bar and the national media the image of a rogue prosecutor who would stop at nothing to bring the case to trial.
Q: You wrote throughout Junior High and High School, but stopped writing for a long time after a teacher suggested you were better suited for other things. What happened to make you rediscover your love for writing?
Wasserman-Schultz: No Fluffy
After two botched jobs (don't even ask about our hardwood floor debacle), I am beginning to wonder if anyone out there takes pride in their work and does a good job anymore. I am beginning to think that the entitled and lazy are going to take over the world. I am beginning to think that I am not going to be able to look at the patio without spiking my blood pressure and becoming homicidal. Maybe I am a pessimist after all.
Publisher: Catacomb Publishing LLC
Mike Daisey, who has been talking about Jobs and Apple and the factories at Foxxcon, where the toys are made under armed guards and oppressive conditions. Underage workers and maimed employees. Daisey had met with workers and heard their stories and came back and told about his experiences and built a bridge between consumers and producers. He did interviews on his experiences. Op-ed pieces. And he got a lot of attention on This American Life, from WBEZ in Chicago, which excerpted parts of his Chinese sojourn for the show, then fact-checked him at the end of the program. They checked out the stuff they could, and found out that yes, there were accidents and yes, there were long hours and labor law violations and the like. Underage labor exists, though cases are not as common as Daisey indicated. The idea that the show checked out Daisey's statements, then presented what they found, strengthened Daisey's arguments. It was pretty impressive.
JT - But is it unfair of us in the media to speculate that that extension might not be in place in its current form or the way it’s been negotiated thus far if Rangers are not there. That’s not unfair speculation, is it?
So off I went. I spent three glorious weeks in Russia, stepping again into a completely different country and proving once more that the Ancient Greeks knew their philosophy.
“The one thing we can never get enough of is love. And the one thing we never give enough of is love.” (Henry Miller)
My last post of 2011. Here's hoping for a bright and happy 2012!
Even though I missed having my son, the day was rather pleasant and relaxed.
One day I’ll get there.
"Yes, well I am going to order a proper one for the purpose, but I thought that it would do for now."
24/7 anti-White output, ALL pro-white output censored in the MSM as “hate”
In today’s article we’ll be going over what us at jailbr3akpod and you the readers wanna see in the xbox 720.
And won't do it again for another year.
So as you can see some varied forces, Digby was able to run a Vlad tier list and I was able to run Hark Tier 2. This allowed me to gain +1 to my starting roll and have my upkeep spells running in turn one.
Hey Guys! Been awhile since my st patricks day post! I wanted to write you today and tell you about kawaii fair happening till the 28th of april. This fair is pretty much right up my alley. I LOVE super cute anything, so i was so excited to be invited to this awesome fair, i feel so grateful to sl for having interests that fit my tastes! I want to say a personal thanks to all the creators for the hardwork for kawaii fair, i love love love love what i see (did i mention i love it?) i had so much fun putting these looks together , i hope you take the time to check it out and enjoy it,
Once again, I’ll make a vow – no more un-felt emotions…
He stood there in his home-made skin shoes, his loose breeches and long jacket. His blood-flecked beard hung down towards his belt, and on this hung a double sheath with a pair of white-handled knives, one above the other. And he was extending his earthy hands - holding up that bloody thing.There are a couple of more humorous examples of the changing times, one occurring when Ketil and the extraordinary character of Klavus are disturbed first thing in the morning as they urinate outdoors by the slightly more progressive Tummas as he finds his way with a torch. It falls on Tummas to lets them know that folk don't do that sort of thing in public anymore, 'No, I suppose not - everything's got to be so classy nowadays' comes the reply. One person who feels the full effect of Ketil's impulsive moment is of course his wife and it is the shame of debt that worries her most, it being the one thing that worries her most about the next generation.
Now for the top 5
I do realise that it is Bill Miller, trucking tycoon from the USA, who is looking to buy the club, rather than Machiavelli!
I need to go and sit-about
Hotels renting rooms by the hour. Ironicaly, mostly used by married couples that don’t have room for privacy at home.
I wasn't going to comment on this article since we've seen it before over Iraq. Even when our surge was winning on the ground, pessimism was in the air. The press eagerly served up any American officer to say we can't beat the enemy. Then we went and beat the enemy. Despite the fact that many Iraqi security forces shirked their duty and despite the fact that American troops despaired of Iraqis ever being good soldiers.
Heat coconut oil in skillet, add garlic and cook until translucent. Sprinkle in cayenne and paprika. Add shrimp and toss to coat. Pour lemon juice on top of shrimp. Continue stirring until shrimp are pink and opaque. Season with salt and pepper. Allow shrimp to cool while preparing the rest of the slaw.
Bobo: That's 1000% right Lilly.
A statement issued Wednesday by Canton, Mass.-based Dunkin' Brands Inc., however, said the scarf had a paisley design, and was selected by a stylist for the advertising shoot.
Wait for me underneath the water
For Top Layer: Melt chocolate and unsalted butter over low heat. Cool. Once cool, pour over middle layer and chill.
DR MAROON:Sorry… The Not So Smug Award for Best Artwork goes to…
Let me add my personal twist before answering the question. Nemesis was the first Trek film besides The Motion Picture I did not rush to see. It was released during exam time in my second year of law school. Chalk it up to my being frazzled by briefs and oral arguments, but Nemesis did not inspire the enthusiasm in me most trek did. Granted, I was also at a Christian law school in which the largely vanilla study body thought enjoying science fiction was one step below practicing witchcraft, so I had to keep my enjoyment on the down low. It was tough. Insurrection had been released on my birthday in 1998. I went to see it with a couple friends and we made a day of it. Nothing like that could ever happen at Savonarollas at regent.
17. Politics
whenever you face trials of any kind,
If you want, click on the button located at the top left of the page & vote!
It seems like just yesterday I blogged about embarking upon the dreaded San Francisco Unified District school tours. We found out which school we got into back in March. Then the rest of the year frisked right by and the beginning of the school year hit us. Geekygirl is a kindergartener, with two full weeks at her new elementary school under her belt. She loves it. She loves her uniforms, navy and white, though I failed to calculate the number of possible permutations and combinations a creative girl can consider when she has five different bottoms and three different shirt styles to choose from in the morning. When you add in the fact that they are allowed to wear legging or tights of any color under their skirts we still end up taking quite some time to get ready of a morning!
I put on my sunglasses while still in the building thinking everybody looking at me would know I just had somebody up my ass to their elbow. I didn’t even stop to ask for my free toaster. I limped out without my dignity, but at least I apparently have my health.
The ingredients for the standard Campbell Soup Vegetable Soup have not varied much since its original production in1899. Nor surprisingly, carrots, potatoes, corn, onion, and garlic still dominate the recipe. A gradual lowering of the sodium content has been one nod to the push for a healthier life style. None of the ingredients for this soup come from abroad - a true “Made in America” product. Carrots from California, Texas and Ohio, potatoes from Colorado, Texas and Kansas and onions from Idaho are examples of the nation wide scope needed to maintain the raw ingredients.
Breakfast for dinner.
One of the main things I don't like in this film is how there are some interesting ideas but they are never really developed. In one scene, Morgan Freeman tells the story of how his girlfriend got pregnant. That is all we are really told but I think it would have been better if this was developed further and we could learn more about the character. There were also quite a few "rainy" scenes. Usually I am fine with this but here, it seemed like overkill.
Alright, I've done my 60 minutes of cardio at the Y and eaten a delicious dinner my wife prepared with soba noodles, chicken, endamame beans, shredded carrots and some sort of orange and lemongrass vinaigrette and feel refreshed, so I'll hop back on the keyboard here and finish my train of thought.
States of Emergency
It went a bit better this time. I’m sure I’ll never use it again. I can’t even say, I’m glad to have added it to my repertoire, because I couldn’t possibly do it again without the book. But I am glad to have experienced it, especially if it is a pioneer moment in the evolution of the short-row heel.
This post has gone on too long by half I’m sure, so I’ll wrap it up here. I’ve added some additional reading links below because these guys said some interesting stuff and bring a different thinking to the controversy:
Girard implicitly suggests that action is needed. It is not enough just to note the level of abuse of Nature by men. An action is needed! This is obvious in the first act when the community of Knights realizes the problem, they gather ceremonially in concentric circles (like politicians around a table), trying to discuss together, trying to do something in order to stop destroying our environment, but they are too weak to take action and it gets harder with the sky getting grayer, earth dry. Klingsor's side of humanity keeps destroying Nature and the Knights are too weak (or too politicized) to oppose it.
In the lifestyle, or just curious about it?
These aprons were sewn as Christmas gifts for a friend's two little ones. I tucked themed crayons, colored pencils and stickers into the pockets - Disney's Cars for the little guy and Disney Princesses for the little gal. The toddlers loved their new aprons so much that after they each drew me a thank you picture they proceeded to wear the aprons for the rest of the day.
Most detainees are entitled to receive visitors at all ICE facilities. If you decide to visit the detention center or you want to bring something to your friend, call ahead to see if there are any visiting restrictions or what kind of items you can bring. Usually food and even some books are not allowed.
as i go.
In just over three hours another few thousand hearts broke, another few thousand voters realised just how rotten "democracy" has become.
Tony Green / Five poems /10-12
Papers: Basic Grey (picadilly) and yellow Color'core; white cardstock
Tell them a great storm triggered an avalanche that hollowed me.
“How do you know my name?” Alice asked. It was this, rather than the fact she was sat, riding on the back of a mythological creature, that most concerned her.
Reverence to the Gods
Now, I've tried it. It's pretty good with a nice chutney or fig confiture, but I still don't see what all the fuss is about. At holidays and special occasions, foie gras shares the same degree of requirement as Champagne (see blog "Bit of ze bubbly").
How do you feel about the new CAPTCHA/reCAPTCHA?
And a 'finely crafted ale' is certainly what Badger have here with their delightful Fursty Ferret.
Little bit of the insomnia tonight. Odd dream that I couldn't quite shake, revolving mostly around a conversation about baseball. Not a bad dream, but it kept whirling around the same spot. Skipping record sort of thing. I think my brain made me wake up, just to change the subject. Got up to pee, and the rest is history.
Not like you murdered a person.
Understand that friends come and go, but with a precious few, you should hold on. Work hard to bridge the gaps in geography and lifestyle, because the older you get, the more you need the people you knew when you were young.
There has been a lot of preparation for this film with origin stories for four of the main characters or five if you include Loki’s introduction as the villain in Thor so now the film has finally been released it is a great relief that the preparation has really paid off in a film that the delivers the best translation of a comic book into a film so far.
Sooo... that is my review, please share your thoughts! I really recommend those lashes for everyone! I will try to post reviews for the 3 other Diamond Lash types I have at home: Princess, Celeb and Dolly. ^^* But from now on, this week will be busy at work, including a 2 day work trip on thursday/friday, so the next blog update will probably be in march... already march! The time flies so fast!! D: Got to pat this wrinkle cream onto my face everyday, gasp!! I'll be a granny before I know it, scary! ;))
New Belgium - Like Odell, New Belgium has a very attractive brewery. Take the tour if you can, but plan ahead, you need reservations and they are usually booked weeks in advance. Most brewery tours are pretty boring, after you have been on a few they get repetitive and dull. Not here, they spend their time telling you about their awesome, innovative company and its story, not explaining how beer is made. When it comes time for your free samples, be sure to ask about Lips of Faith and other rarer offerings. They usually don't make it on the menu, but the bartenders will frequently give you a pour if you ask.
Cookie dough as crust.
At Conspi to watch Gospel Jam where beauty queen Peachy Sacasas will give her testimony and my daughter Diandra will do a monologue.
16. My Guitar Wants To Kill Your Mama (3:38)
I just had to share. I think I’ve blogged before about making pizza with leftovers. There was a time where as long as I put it on a crust and called it pizza, the kids would eat it. We had sesame chicken pizza, taco pizza, and more that I’ve forgotten. Anyway, last night I decided to make a pizza again and was too lazy to go find my dough recipe. As I was googling, I came across this one.
We decided to head back up to launch in hopes of catching a smooth glass-off flight, and arrived to watch Herminio swooping launch repetitively in fat, laminar air. Game on! We got about an hour of soaring in until sunset - Jim waited in the landing zone with his headlights on since it was getting fairly dark as the last of us touched back down to earth.
Work on ceremony readings/vows
For my card I used the following.......
10.) Pikony Peperoni
Don Howard and don Rober led all of us on a day trip by long boats up the Rio Momón to search for shacapa leaves and wild Ayahuasca vine. We landed at a tiny rough village and hiked into the jungle about a mile or two to find a chagra or farm that belongs to another shaman.
fall from your hair
Where else can you see latest collection from designers like Cosry,Qudyn, Mimpi Kita and many more for just rm100 (and it's for charity!) yes! Tix is only rm100!. Oh yeah, there'll be bazaar during the day starts from 10am-5pm. Do come! We have Radiusite, Old Blossom Box, Sputniksweetheart, Smashing Scarves and many more! :)
If You Liked This, You Might Like (Or in this case, you might like better)…
Joy (the mother of this team) designs realistic images, while I (Judy aka/daughter) love the “fun side of life”, and create images with cartoon flair. Having these two complimenting styles have enabled Digi Doodle Shop to offer just about any type of stamp. Plus, we also offer “custom made stamps”, and blog designs. Our best work comes from request, so if you don’t see what you’re looking for, just send us an email and before long you’ll see it in the shop.
Once in a while, I give bag fulls of 'free stuff' away to charity. Will they use it? - I doubt it.
The best pictures are below.
You are loved most profoundly,
But I am very excited to see what is next for me, and to get to spend more time with my awesome children. I'll be keeping Spencer at home with me and walking Cameron to and from school every day. I'll be able to spend time with friends during the day, take a class or two, build my photography business (maybe?), finish projects I've started, start new projects, and find what makes me happy.
I can share 2 gifts I made last week, both were pretty quick and easy so you might still have a chance to copy the ideas if you're so inclined!
if you also feel like backing the project you can do it from $1,
KATE COOMBS: Just read a new YA fantasy called THIEF'S COVENANT by Ari Marmell and really liked it. The format was print. I think I saw it mentioned on somebody's blog.It begins with a girl clinging to the rafters in the shadows above a scene of mass slaughter. Next thing we know, she has reinvented herself as a thief and is carrying a pocket god around with her. In a series of flashbacks, we find out how she came to be in that room--even as scenes in the present show her being hunted by at least three different groups. And of course, she tries to solve the murder mystery!
Of course Potshot and I are already playing another game, EverQuest, but neither of us thought that would be quite the thing for the group. The progression servers would be too slow for a group with a play budget of 3 hours a week. The standard servers have potential, but EverQuest is quirky and, no matter how much you love it, it does feel its age. Getting the group to go for that seemed unlikely.
Let us go, an hemo our shame
Good doctors pop out your eye, clean it, and put it back in.
“Why don’t you leave?”
This year, I’ll be debuting several new and reformulated products and giving folks a peek at what is to come from Neos. I thought I would show my readers a few of the products I’ve been diligently working on and share a list of the majority of our product line up for the show. Can I get a Woot! Woot!
As a member, in good standing, of the National Association of Armchair Critics (Home and Abroad), I want to respond to you
I have argued before that QE might not work, given that bond yields are already low and banks are flush with cash. So it seems likely that the markets will be disappointed, however big the QE programme.
Foie Gras is often tricky to get just right - you can overwhelm the already rich texture and flavor by oversearing the steak to give it a too thick/pungent 'crust', or serve it either too hot (causing it to lose structure) or too cold (not bringing out the flavors enough).
All in that quest for curly hair.
The book is so interesting because it really makes you think about what heaven is and why this little boy had this experience. Everybody has different ideas and opinions about religion but I did find this book reaffirming and coming from a 4 year old it seemed very innocent and real. I would definitely say if you are interested in religion to check this book out, it's such a quick read and I don't think you'll regret it.
I’m steaming. I am thinking how wrong this all is. WHY does my 17 year old son act more mature than his 38 year old father? WHY is my 17 year old son making efforts that his father is not willing to make? WHY does this make me so darn livid? WHY doesn’t HSSH just stay up there on that shelf I keep putting him on and get better before he has to be part of my kids lives????
Every once in a while, Roger Corman would come across with a good idea.
Card Ingredients: Stamper's Anonymous butterfly stamp; CraftSmart Black ink; Echo Park Times & Seasons papers; Bazzill cardstock; Cuttlebug Swiss Dots folder; Vanilla Smooch Spritz; BasicGrey wood button; Doodlebug bakers twine; Recollections gems. Tools: sewing machine.
Exciting, right? One little problem: I'm stuck in the universal nightmare. Yep, that one. It starts with a seemingly normal situation, then... wait. What's this? I'M NAKED. Everyone's staring, maybe even laughing, but it's too late to cover up.
and the seed be blasted in the planting.
Cut to a few weeks later. It was March 31st and Daniel and I were watching a Jazz game in my basement. It was halftime, so we went to grab some snacks. On our way to the store I decided to probe Daniel to see where he was in the process of acquiring my ring. When I asked Daniel if he had picked up the ring, he told me it wasn't ready yet. My heart sank a little bit, so I asked him if he'd at least talked to my dad yet. No such luck. I was a little disappointed at the slow process, but I decided it wasn't that big of a deal. I gave up the conversation as we pulled in front of my house.
Was the Word of God made flesh—
2. If you haven't already and would like to, please click here to enter the 400 Posts Giveaway. I forgot that I'm going out of town this weekend to see Danny Bhoy (Scottish comedian), so I won't actually be back until Sunday evening. But I'll draw names when I return.
Wine I chose to include in the dish (and drink at dinner!). A 2011 Nobilo Marlborough Sauvignon Blanc from the Nobilo winemakers out of New Zealand. This was a light, crisp, fruity wine that was an excellent pairing to my dinner.
3. Carolina Panthers
Saturday morning was cooler but still pleasant and, with the event opening to the public at 11am, this gave the exhibitors a chance to both set up and look around the dealers' room as well as have a chat with some of the guests before the doors officially opened. Illustrator, artdroid and Scotch Cornerer Graeme Neil Reid (above left talking to Judge Burdis of the Hi-Ex Hell-Trek) is an old friend and I was behind his table as 11am brought the start of a very busy couple of hours as comics fans young and old, newbies and seasoned con-goers, streamed into the large room to see what they could find to buy.
Then the front wheel and hub assembly is innovative. usually the front wheel is prevented from rotating on the hub by four or so drive pins. In fitting the wheel during pitstops, the holes in one need to correspond with the drive pins in the other. Thus four drive pins means the wheel will fit the hub in four orientations each 90-degrees apart. Thus the more drive pins the less the mechanic has to rotate the wheel to fit it to the hub. This year Force india have specially made wheels with a splined detail, to match that on the hub. I can around 20 splines on the wheel suggesting the wheel will fit in one of 18 positions. making the aim of the sub three second pitstop that little bit easier.
- I used my batter to make a 6-cup round fluted cake (served to my book group), two 2-cup mini bundt loaves (gave to two friends) and 6 airplane-shaped small cakes (for my husband who loves planes.)
I'd just watched the movie "Sucker-Punch" this weekend and really loved the character of Rocket. Of course this is a really loose interpretation since she didn't have a cyborg arm. But I felt like drawing something cyborg-ish.
The steel-drenched production (by the artist with James Mitchell) has only fiddle missing from the pure country mix and is an aural delight with a relaxed Strait-style feel on much of the material. Jerry’s voice isn’t the most distinctive, but it is nice and he has mature, lovely phrasing. The songs were all written or co-written by Jerry, and are all pretty solid lyrically, while he has a great knack for writing melodies, and there is a good mix of moods and tempos.
And keep your day job.
(sung)
Since I was up real early I decided to make a card before I head out to run some errands. I like to have cards on hand so I'm not scrambling at the last minute to make one for a birthday, anniversary, or whatever. I leave the inside of the cards blank, and then I just stamp a greeting inside to fit the occasion.
Question: ´Do these go anywhere near Palermo?´
Single Crochet (sc) - Insert hook in stitch, yarn over and pull up loop, yarn over and pull through both loops on hook.
Occasionally individuals think they are able to do a work however cannot. You may capture this earlier if you’re following on performance.
Transitional kindergarten is the first of a two-year kindergarten experience.
4) Ron Paul: 11.6% (8 votes)
SAXEN H, VIRTANEN M. Randomized, placebo-controlled double blind study on the efficacy of influenza immunisation on absenteeism of health care workers. Paediatr Infect Dis J 1999; 18: 779-783.
Thursday: Homemade Mac & Cheese, Peas
- the chemicals would melt the suede
Daylight saving time, a source of confusion and mystery for many, will strike again this weekend. The idea of resetting clocks forward an hour in the spring and back an hour in the fall was first suggested by Benjamin Franklin in his essay "An Economical Project for Diminishing the Cost of Light," which was published in the Journal de Paris in April 1784.
This is one of those books that I had heard good things about on Twitter before I started to read it. Everything I saw suggested that this was going to be a gripping debut psychological thriller.
This is Neeson having Euro-thriller deja vu (after the rather nasty Taken), but this film owes a lot more to a certain action-film franchise. So much, in fact, that to name the franchise would be a spoiler. Everything feels a bit retrodden, the plot is a bit easy to guess and the good supporting cast are a little under-exercised, but it’s reasonably entertaining. 6/10
Walking from our room to the bus stop proved to be quite the task. As we were walking down the steps of our building and Matt was telling us girls behind him to be really careful because the steps were slippery, he takes no more than two steps down and falls down a flight of stairs on his back side. I gasp and look over at Barbara who immediately starts laughing hysterically. Matt was totally okay aside from a bruised butt. Barbara told him that she would write that off as his birthday present to her.
Some tutorials I do simply to share techniques that work for me. Others, I write in order to force myself to expand my own knowledge. The latter is the case with an "Alpha Mask" tutorial that I hope to write. I'm more of a layer mask guy, so this whole "alpha" thing is not something I normally do. I decided to read up on alpha masks and then got distracted (as I am wont to do). Actually, distracted is not quite right. Burnt out from technical details is probably more like it.
Astro vice president, Rohaizad Mohamed, admitted to The Malaysian Insider that Astro censored BBC’s report on the Bersih 3.0 rally.
For the love that flows through it now,
Anyway, enough excuses - see my effort above
So heres a look at the new covers:
Libraries, like all university departments, are very territorial, and will resist having their budgets cut so that funds can be transfer to another branch of the university. We can expect this to be the case even if the new regime, open access, will save money for universities overall.
This quilt is based on a vintage photo of a quilt that I stumbled upon accidentally several years ago. I have no idea who made it or when, but I was so intrigued that I felt I HAD to have the pattern for the blocks. It was quite difficult to figure out! I can actually remember sweating during the process!
CEO, Turn Off The Television
The thing is that once you get into the cooks lifestyle: the heat, the stress, the camaraderie, and the eventual reward at the end of it all...it becomes hard to let go of. It starts to become less about a reward for yourselves at the end of the night and more about your nightly plans. Everyone's sharpness becomes just a little more dull...but you tell yourself that its ok. The team is stronger now...closer. Isn't it?
Although the book reaches no fixed conclusion other than that, it explores the contours of that paradigm. Brooks writes in a relaxed informal style, which again feels almost old fashioned. A writer with ideas he wants to share. How quaint. Nor do you have to agree with everything he says, or accept everything he claims, but at least in this book, you’re going to understand his argument well enough to feel confident of negotiating your way through it.
- In St. Louis, Missouri, USA, it is still illegal for firemen to rescue women who are still in their nightdresses.
The only other "list" thing I accomplished was creating an iTunes playlist.
The letter looked suspiciously like a “love letter”, but Arata had his doubts. More likely it was a cruel practical joke perpetrated by one of his buddies, especially when the initials matched those belonging to “Nogi Hatsune”, also know as “Miss Engineer”, the reigning heartthrob of the engineering department. Why would somebody like her be interested in a nobody like himself?
Photograph of Roderick Cameron and Van Day Truex in Ireland from *Van Day Truex, Adam Lewis, Viking Studio, 2001.
- Sid James died last year;
I’ve been saying it for over a year, and with every week the probable gets closer to the inevitable: Hackgate will do for David Cameron in the end.
for this summary.
6. Enemies & Allies
Would it be OK if I asked you a few questions?
The White House said it formalized a 10-year strategic plan for the U.S. Global Change Research Program. The plan will focus on the relationship between human economic activity and global climate change.
The roses smell stronger than usual, their sweet, musky scent hangs heavy in the foggy air. The treads on his old shoes struggle to grip the stones still wet from the street washer’s hose. He tightens his hold on his cane and feels for the wall behind him. A chill seeps into his spine as he leans on the stone bricks.
We glorify God when we magnify and amplify His beauty. Psalm 19:1 says, “The heavens declare the glory of God.” We know how a spectacular sunset can remind us of God’s splendor. But why did Jesus describe His impending death on the Cross as glorification of himself and his Father? How could such a terrible thing ever be glorious? The Cross is the ultimate demonstration of God’s mercy, justice, and love all wrapped up into one event. It’s the place where our sins were forgiven, where new life begins. Jesus’ death on the Cross magnified and amplified the love of the Father. And like a falling drop of water, the effect of the Cross ripples across history, to this day and into eternity.
I saw people in snow shoes, and lots of people walking, but many with dogs off leash which is against the law, and unnerving, as unleashed dogs sometimes get weird around humans on skis.
In a large bowl, mash the fresh paneer cheese, add the rava,sugar,cardamom powder, raisins and cashew nuts to the cheese and mix it well using hands..
(Note that this Pauline confession also includes the single-word confessions from the Gospels et al. — that is, “Christ,” “Lord,” and “Son of God.” Also note that, in Paul’s confessions, Jesus is not “Son of God” until his resurrection.)
So I suppose this post is both a cautionary message and a moral plea for YA writers: Watch out for the Full Fathom Fives, and remember who you’re writing for. Now, excuse me while I hit the showers…
2. Not Fade Away 5.22 (7/2)
The guy was gaining on us. SJ was stumbling. My heart pounded. Fear throbbed in my ears.
A chic little marketplace style cafe, tucked into the corner of the courtyard leading to the below street-level entrance to the museum, Lemonade at MOCA offers soups, fresh gourmet salads, an assortment of crackers and sweets, and of course, gourmet lemonades! Examples of salads on offer range from Santa Ynez Heirloom Tomato with Crushed Basil and Fleur de Sel, to Lobster Soba Noodles with Lebanese Cucumbers and Sesame. There are also one or two hot entrees such as Turkey with cranberry and gravy, but the bulk of the offerings are served cold. The fun part is you can mix and match dishes to maximize samplings - just pay by number of portions ($7 for single, $11 for double etc.). One portion = 2 scoops, and you can split the portion into two different salads - one for each scoop. As for the handcrafted lemonades - I had the Watermelon Rosemary, and while the flavor could have been stronger, it was still a great, original refreshing drink. The place is only about a block away from the courthouse - and on Thursdays you can also come back after court adjourns to get free admission into the museum (free admission Thursdays 5-8pm).
His seventh album ‘Out of the Game’ came out in UK on 23 April, and is coming out today in US, on 1 May 2012. NPR.org (http://www.npr.org/2012/04/22/150736532/first-listen-rufus-wainwright-out-of-the-game?sc=tw&cc=twmp) provided an exclusive First Listen during the last week.
I LOVE having a blog! Participating in challenges, and viewing artwork on other blogs has made me a better card maker. I'm thrilled to have the opportunity to be on the H2H Design Team, and hope that I'll get a chance to inspire a few others along the way."
So back to the original question of how I get the clothing at a "cheap" price.....understand what we consider "cheap" is always relative to each individual, but I will say I didnt pay full price for all the items I own. I have for some great pieces and will continue to on occasion, but I absolutely have more items than I would otherwise because of their great hostess benefits. Depending on the amount sold at your show, you can get a select number of items at half price and even cash off in some instances! In addition, each consultant sells their sample line at the end of the season (first dibs to hostesses, then attendees) at a significant discount so I have put some items aside for the end of the season before (sort of like layaway!). I've been hosting shows and attending for several years so have built up quite the collection. You'll notice that I've started marking the collection date when I can remember so you all dont think it all came from a recent season. Many items are several years old now but they just build year after year.
Speaker of the House John Boehner (R-OH) is expected to lay out a two-stage deficit reduction and debt limit package to GOP lawmakers at 2 p.m. today, and release make it available publicly this afternoon to allow for a Wednesday vote.
Of course just not anyone enters the home of cats!
Overall, Katana had an original, fascinating premise with a poorly executed outcome. What would've been an amazing story, turned out to be flat and predictable. The reason I'm giving this three stars is because I LOVED the actual story so much, it was just the execution that ruined it.
Anyone noticing the beautiful Reader's Digest book under the painting? That's a recent garage sale find! You won't believe what else I bought. I'll share soon. But for now, I'll tell you how I described them to a friend... "so ugly, they're awesome!" Think 50's avocado green and harvest gold. yikes!
Now, I mentioned a little fixer upper. I can see the potential in just
In May 2005, I think it was, I put a lot of the above POG/MOG and marketing ideas into a document called ‘A big idea for The Big Idea’ (Intute had employed a PR agency called TBI at that time), and I was looking forward to presenting it at a meeting of Intute staff to which I’d been invited as manager of the EEVL Hub. I was hoping that some of the excellent minds within Intute would take my ideas, futher bake them, and come up with a practical plan to implement at least some of them.
The case goes to trial on the same day in Maryland, D.C. and Virginia. All three juries award Dad his full economic loss of $2.5 million, and all three juries award Dad $1 million for his pain, suffering, and the loss of enjoyment of life, for a total award of $3.5 million. (By the way, if this sounds like a lot to you, ask whether you would take $3.5 million to be in Dad’s position?)
“Angel kept talking and waking the baby up. If she gets out of bed again, we’re putting the gate up.”, she said slightly frustrated and looking at Vince for approval. He simply nodded in reply.
1:47: I find it personally funny when d-bags try to wax poetic on fighting corporations and society. You tools do realize that Nike, GNC, and the UFC aren’t saving the world right?
Actually, some of that wasn’t really important, but hopefully it distracted from any stigma you may have attached to freaking over the unknown.
This is a concise and clearly written take on the idea that’s well worth reading.
I hadn't realised that British forces had fought in the Balkans during WW I. I would tell you more, but it's such a complicated and confusing campaign I don't have the space. Or the inclination, if I'm honest.
Well, yes. One of my fondest memories is driving up to Hubby’s grandparents, and passing a beautiful dairy farm. The kids would get all excited and yell “COWS, MOMMA!!!” and Hubby would say, “Not cows…LLAMAS!!!” And the kids would look again, and look at him like he was an idiot, and say, “Daddy, those are cows. Llamas have long necks.” And he would say, “Llamas drink beer???” And they would just die laughing at him.
State of Wonder by Ann Patchett. I could not put this down. The story is so suspenseful, and its ruminations on women and fertility struck a chord.
Going into the final stretch of this passionate love-for-all-things-Stoke performance, Ryan pulls from the back of the stage a black T-shirt, on the front of which rests the words ‘The only way is Oatcakes’. One given to each member by Oatcake Day organiser and 6 Towns Radio presenter Terry Bosson’s, Ryan proudly showed off his new shirt in front of his hometown fans.
In Chile, operating through the Special Operations Research Office (SORO), Project Camelot supported CIA plans to overthrow the democratically elected government of Salvador Allende imposing General Augusto Pinochet’s military junta on Chile on 11 September 1973.
prayer.
The machine was facing a set of glass doors which looked out across a fancy, shmancy LA hotel plaza and over the hedges, between some buildings, I could see into the distance.
These attacks were inevitable.
The photo above is the view I had in front of me through my office door at Science Park. Susie working, smiling and always ready to help a Norwegian in his challenges of being HR Director for DNV in Asia Pacific. Well done Susie, and a pity that your career in DNV became limited.
LEYLAND KIRBY – NOT AS SHE IS NOW BUT AS SHE APPEARS IN MY DREAMS
Angry Legs of Southsea write: Why oh why, Mr. Brain, did you think it was a good idea to take all the gears off this bike?! It’s alright for you, you’re not the one doing all the work!
whispers
Written, filmed, edited and directed by Silverchef Productions.
“I-I just know. And you would know if I was lying.”
I have been saving for my camera for almost a year, and like my little sister says good things come to those who wait. The Lord has blessed me so much! (can you tell I'm just a little excited??) lol...
On 7/7 the emergency services were conducting an exercise to test their response to a terrorist attack……
"Orlando, is there anything up with you and Lara?" He just looked straight ahead for a while before replying.
Tomorrow the world will also be watching as some of those protesters seek to exercise their right to freedom of speech and expression and march through Kuching. As usual the authorities are abusing their power by refusing permission and banning the Red Marchers. MoCS President Francis Siah, was arrested on arrival at the airport yesterday and told to present himself at the police station today. He is bravely determined to go ahead and urges everyone in Sarawak to find something red to wear tomorrow.
Designed to protect both crowdfunders (people pledging or investing capital) and fundraisers (people raising capital), the CAPS program’s mission is to foster the sustainable growth of the crowdfunding industry to provide much needed capital for projects and initiatives, start-ups and small businesses.
Norway’s greatest author, and one of the finest modern dramatic writers in history. He had 6 chances to win, since the award was begun in 1901, but he lost due to arguments over Alfred Nobel’s eligibility requirements, as laid out in his will. He intended the winners to exhibit “lofty and sound idealism.” But from 1901 to 1912, the Committee believed that he meant “ideal direction.” Apparently Ibsen, the father of modern drama, was not leading the literary world in the ideal direction.
Do not cut, turn and work on row ends, sc in ea row end and sc around, sc dec on inner corners, do NOT increase on outer corners.
If you like gardens and nature, then I'm sure you'll enjoy Elisa's blog. Today, she is hosting her very first Nature Walk Garden Party, which will be held every Thursday, come rain or shine.
Here's the finished painting, too:
The film even makes it clear that the authorities should not even be there, yet it continues to glory in their fight to escape. The last straw, though, is when Evans attempts to toss in some plot twists near the end in a pathetic sop to those growing weary of the senseless fighting. Of course, you can't really have plot twists without a plot to begin with; how can you have any pudding if your don't eat your meat, etc., etc. The Raid is such a hollow exercise, one in which the mastery of its choreography is surrounded by the mediocrity of every other aspect of its design and execution. Lamely propelled by Mike Shinoda's score with all the enthusiasm of someone roped into carting a friend's armoire up a flight of stairs, The Raid embodies the perfunctory, meaningless, hyperviolent slog it charts. Who would think that a film of nothing but action could be so utterly boring?
Becoming a star will become your doom.
The Soumano brothers developed their sound by blending Takamba inspired riffs from northern Mali with their own take on southwestern Mali’s Wassoulou. The genre defying result was heavy on gain, soaked in reverb, and channeled the psychedelic frenzy of 1970s Nigeria. It was the perfect soundtrack to the ne’er-do-well lifestyle of Le Fida’s early morning patrons, who were younger and a little more excitable then their counterparts at Club Djembe.
But starting today February first (mark your calenders) I will write another blog. A daily food blog featuring veggie and fruity side dishes, appetizers and desserts! No fuss, no rush, no grand ideas. Simple, unique recipes that can be tweaked any which way. Even to accommodate your protein, should you need it terribly :)
(5) If need be, have someone guard the table until your client sees the table. Yes, sounds crazy, but your client should see your work of art before it gets touched.
Chris notices some changes in himself but doesn't know who to talk to. He's alienating his best friends. His family thinks he's crazy. Then Chet approaches him and promises help if he will help them in stopping the vampire lord. All he really wants is to be normal, but unfortunately, he's becoming a vampire.
The artist has been making waves ever since he released his first single “Back When” featured one of the best rappers in Nigeria “Naeto C” before he recently featured in Sauce Kid’s Single titled Carolina which gives him the opportunity to diverts Sauce Kid’s fans to love him..
Detroit City
And my final advice, which is for the Kleenex brand:
But instead I have been working out with my Wii Fit Plus. I have to say I love it. My husband bought me a Wii and the Wii Fit Plus with balance board after I had our 5 month old as he knew it would be hard for me to hit back to the gym right after having a baby. He knew I wanted to get back in shape. I have to say it has not been bad considering I was working out the whole time I was pregnant and before I got pregnant with her.
Net Profit Royalty Clauses: Net profit royalty clauses--which calculate royalties not on the list price of your book, or on the publisher's net income, but on net income less a menu of additional expenses--can reduce your royalties to a pittance.
Overall pigmentation was good, but the matte shades tended to be slightly chalky. My favorite shade is the champagne peach which makes a great all-over-lid shade. The olive green shade is also quite interesting and gives a bit more variety to the otherwise very neutral palette. This isn’t a spectacular, must-have palette by any measure, but it’s a solid, usable one. However, the truth remains that the lovely illustrations on the packaging remains as the most impressive part of this product. So if that’s not your cup of tea, you can safely skip this =)
Hmmm...about that fire. No matches. There are several ways to start a fire without matches. Flint and steel requires two things we didn't have: flint and steel (btw, pocket knives are made of stainless steel, which doesn't work very well for a spark - you need plain old rusty steel for that). And fire by friction (rubbing sticks together) is just way too much work. There are ways to make it easier, but they all require materials we didn't have. Hmmm, how else can we make a fire?
The speaker has no idea what an ultrasound is, yet his hair is perfect. We all ask where a good lunch is. He has no idea.
collapsed in relief and talked over the experience. We then packed up in preparation
Okay. So I’m working on a short story that sort of revolves around music and also revolves around a deaf character. I was just looking up general information about working deaf musicians and schools and a bunch of other information and, there’s not a whole lot out there. It goes from angelfire sites to yahoo answers to academic papers that I have to pay for. I was looking for information by deaf people or hard of hearing people and wasn’t getting a whole bunch. There are so many first hand accounts of hearing people talking about music and music education and meaningful impact and stuff, why so hard to find deaf musician information. Shoot, even just finding modern deaf musicians is difficult. (then I found a bunch of white people and two black rappers). The few schools I found info on were totally all white, which brings up other issues entirely.
Therefore, grey, as we know it, can actually have any undertone,
Well, the first quarter of Foundation Beyond Belief is over, and they posted the numbers to the blog. Each of the ten beneficiaries are going to receive over $1000! This is wonderful news of course. :)
Okay, today is day 1 (if you do not count the weekend) of our spring break. There is so much to do that I do not know where to start so I plopped down at the computer to do a blog post. Not very productive but maybe if I list what needs to be done, it will motivate me to check them off.
An Voila! Fresh Pepper flakes to use as I wish. Aren't they pretty? Eight bell peppers made 3 oz of Dehydrated Peppers.
The panel was so much fun. When it comes to discussing how authors start writing and eventually become published, this was probably the most diverse group of authors imaginable. Their "origin" stories were crazy-ridiculous!
If the sectarian fans out there can dedicate themselves to hating someone over something so trivial, they could probably dedicate themselves to diverting their attentions elsewhere and taking it easy. If you’re finding yourself cheering too heavily at Neil Lennon being tackled tonight, perhaps you deserve to be tackled yourself.
Chips………. and salsa
They searched every hole and corner of the house, and just as they were about to give up the hunt, White saw a woman’s foot inside the old fireplace. Stooping down, the detective discovered the ghost. He dragged her out into the room, tore away a sheet from the woman’s head, and discovered a trim, but greatly frightened woman. She was a Mrs. John Barrett, who had been making her home at the house, and the ghost business was merely a sham to keep people from entering the house.
So sit back and relax ’cause this week Santa brought you My Top 10 X-Mas Movies EVER!
As I said in Question 1, I felt like I was pushing a square-shaped shaman boulder up a steep incline. There was the general community backlash against shaman healers (thanks to the very public discussion from Paragon about how shamans and resto shamans in particular weren’t worthy of cutting edge raid slots) and then there was the actual CONTENT that forced 10 man resto shamans to work twice as hard for the same results as other healers.
deeply corrupt and sinister here.
Red is a tricky color for blondes. Generally, reds look best on the “darker” seasons of Autumn and Winter. Reds work for blondes when the blonde is a Spring, and then it has to be precisely the right red (red accents are stunning on Springs). Reese Witherspoon, however, is a Summer. Summers do not glow in any shade of red whatsoever. Reese does not look bad, but this gorgeous red dress is just sitting on her, being a leech. With a powerful color like red, you have to wear the red and not the other way around (which happens way too often).
So, we didn't do a typical Easter this year - instead of baskets and egg hunts, we took the girls to a farm - with new sparkly light up shoes :) hee hee! We didn't take them ON Easter, but just a week before and boy did we have a blast!!!!
If you notice the recipe is missing....you are right. Hubby claimed that giving this recipe was like sharing a sauce recipe....something you just don't do! So, I promised to take it down today.
Other MWC updates:
SS: It’s a possibility, but now we want to concentrate on our own project and find our place.
The same could be said for walks/runs/cycling across states, provinces and countries. Done like dinner, with all due respects to pioneers like Canada’s hero, Terry Fox.
I noticed right away that something wasn't quite right with his left eye, but thought he was just still waking up. When we went into the other room, I noticed the hives around the back of his neck. I was scratching and a little more clingy than usual. Lifting his shirt, he didn't have them anywhere else on his body, so I decided to call the pediatrician's office to find out what I should do. It was still early enough they might be able to get him in that day, I thought. When I called, I had to leave a message for the nurse and while waiting for her to call me back, Samuel was doing normal boy stuff: jumping off of the Wii Balance Board and saying "Mom! Watch this! Didja see that?"
Because what this show so sorely needed was another character whose role basically comes down to ‘provide fanservice’. She’s basically half-naked at home nearly all the time. For no fucking reason. Well, I mean a reason other than providing eye-candy for the lonely male subset of the audience. I’d claim that the writers are probably misogynistic and so terrible that they are unable to write a female in any believable fashion, instead opting to objectify them endlessly, but that would be unfair, because they are unable to write period.
I couldn't help kissing her. Sometimes you just have to kiss someone. I didn't know this would happen.
Loving this last picture.
And the smoke it encircled his head like a wreath;
Peony root appears to have some positive effects in treating anemia, some types of cancer, convulsions, gastritis, hypertension, and some gynecological problems. It can also be used as an emmenagogue, which means that it can bring on a woman’s menstrual period.
The world is on the brink of an economic and financial crisis. A lack of an understanding of human nature led to the fall of communism in the 1980’s, and now the ‘endless growth paradigm’ in a world of finite resources, [coupled to the self-same lack of understanding vis-à-vis human nature] is pushing capitalism toward the same path – collapse. To distract the ‘general public’ from the apocalyptic anxieties of the Euro-Crisis and the American Debt-Crisis, and their own problems [unemployment and rising commodity prices] a plan is hatched by ‘the-men-behind-the curtain’. Much frantic work is required behind the scenes [without public introspection as to the reality of the situation], to shore up the economy, so a distraction is created. A small cabal of espionage operatives are dispersed [in ‘hoodies’ and ‘gangster rap’ garb] in an operation across UK cities to spark / incite ‘small to medium scale’ civil disorder, which taps into the “under-classes / economically disadvantaged” and “criminals / gangs” who mount ‘copy-cat’ attacks as looting and rioting spreads in English inner-cities, with the police under instructions to take a ‘softly, softly’ approach. ‘Social Media’ is harnessed to encourage and fan the flames of disorder. The world media focus its fish-eye lens onto the British riots, thus keeping the real news, the economic crisis away from the centre of the camera. The ‘men-behind-the curtain’ can now work away with reduced public introspection, and the general public and ‘chattering classes’ get distracted from their current problems of unemployment, lack of job security, increased costs of energy, public-sector cutbacks, higher taxation – focusing instead on the moral issues behind these riots, brewing up ‘racism’ as humans always like someone to blame. The public demands use of water canon, rubber bullets, harsh punishments for the looters, clamp downs and restrictions on ‘social media’, even ‘hanging’ and agrees that we must give up more of our civil liberties, and freedoms as a cost we have to accept for our own safety. The mission creep toward the fascist society Orwell imagined in 1984 comes closer to reality.
Next is Vintage Vogue:
And that is all. You're welcome.
I am not surprised by this. And I have to give the blackhats their ‘props’ for creative thinking. (It’s a bit like a gang of thieves forming their own rent-a-cop company..)
I feel the past fall with deepening moans.
Get them nice and golden brown. That's about 2 minutes per side. Remove from the oil (one syllable, remember) with a slotted spoon or frying spoon. Set on a paper towel to cool slightly.
imagine how the outfit above would look with ropes of black crystal beads,
If when turning the circle to reveal the secret picture the flaps come out of the slots to easily, you have two choices. One is to put a bit of tape folded to prevent the flaps from moving back that far, but then there will always be a bit of the secret picture covered. The other alternative is to carefully tape pieces of cardpaper to the back of the circle with the slots, so the flaps rest on the extensions and will go back through the secret picture easier.
(b) to fulfill the social, economic and other requirements of present and future generations of Filipinos and;
- La Boquera drinks 2 euro; calzone; fruits
Relay some messages
We have been lucky enough to have several friends and family visit us here in Amsterdam, and as locals now, we have been doing our best to give our guests the best experience they can get. Here, in no order, are some of our guests top things to do (of course some things are best kept secret :)).
The second issue is illustrated by Tom Neely with a cover by Langridge. Langridge described the cast: "Things are pretty much as you would expect if you know your Segar: Popeye loves Olive, Olive loves Popeye in her own fickle way, Popeye is a devoted stepfather to Swee'Pea, Wimpy's always looking for a free meal, etc. It ain't broke, so we ain't fixing it. Olive's brother Castor and their parents, Cole and Nana Oyl, are a part of the mix too. And you may spot Olive's first boyfriend, Ham Gravy, at some point, if you keep your eyes open. Other familiar faces will pop up as well. I've tried to get all of the regulars from the Segar years in there at some point, even if it's only a cameo."
I got a paper route as a middle schooler to make some money on my own. Other than some bad rains or heavy holiday ad laden Sunday papers, I delivered those papers on my own with my bike. When I was old enough for a regular job I worked at a department store, a bowling alley, a tuxedo rental shop and throughout my pregnancy and my daughters first year, I worked at a medical research laboratory. Before getting the job I have now, I worked for a pet sitter as well. I never took a dime in public assistance, and I managed to pay my parents rent.
Check out the new goodies here:
I attempt to be a good friend, a good wife, a good daughter and grand-daughter.
When Billy Joel released Piano Man in 1973, it was a triumphant return to music that would resonate for decades to come. Fed up with his old record label, William Martin adopted his middle name and hit the LA music scene and piano bars. It was there, along with some of his greatest hits, that he penned “New Mexico.” Released on Piano Man with the new monicker “Worst Comes to Worst”, the song encapsulated the the album. Weaving between friendly yet mysterious women, life on the road, and an introspective evaluation of life in the present, the song remains one of Joel’s most underrated (in my opinion).
But I knew that I was supporting the very best cause imaginable. But it was more than that. I informed this family (who I do not know at all) that I was buying. They responded, "Oh thank you! No one has purchased a thing from us - thank you so much!"
plus many, many more.
Wanna know something even better? Today one commenter will walk away with a FREE SIGNED copy of Roxanne in La La Land purchased from Celery Tree! She walks away with 90% of the sale! See? We're already supporting authors! It's that easy!
The Brimstone: A Range of fiery strong beers, and tempting serving women.
I went once to Växjö Kendo Dojo, for the first time in my life, and i really enjoy just watching they practice. I didn’t have the chance to practice cuz all study and commute by train and bus to Växjö.
Keks = Underwear
specially in a dry leaf bowl. It actually reminds me of my childhood days when I was not allowed to eat chaat or other roadside food as chaats are junk food made unhygienically but we could never resist ourselves from having a bowl of aloo kabli at our neighborhood chaat stall.Even now when I get a glimpse of it anywhere I cant restrict my temptation to have it right away. I prepare this chaat most often for my kid without adding chili as she also likes this very much.
Fact; People really call me Tyler and Alex. xD
oh irony, how i love thee so! 2011 was the year that my blogging started to pay off with some fabulous social media opportunities, and of course, it was also the year i was so busy, it seemed like i barely blogged at all (only 132 posts). in my defense, my social media has been more concentrated on the twitters & facebook lately, as it's much easier to squeeze in the time for 140 characters as opposed to being able to find a couple hours to write a full-fledged blog post (taking & editing photos, composing the text and sourcing the associated links is NEVER a quick proposition, at least for little ol' typelexic m21). still, whether i blogged as much as i would have liked or no, the 4 years i've spent slogging away in the social media world has begun to reward me in unexpected ways, and has provided me with some incredible highlights to my year...
There is another thing that I have noticed about good investors: Most of them do not invest in stocks or financial instruments about which they do not possess a good understanding.
In life, why are holding our old grudges? It’s a heavy burden to us…
While those personas often overlap, it is easy for readers to feel distant from those actually typing the stories they see in the paper, even though they live in the same city. (This is why when you see your weatherman in Starbucks, you tell the story for weeks!)
Behold the King of glory
It's raining cats and dogs right now and I am glad to have a dry, and comfortable place to drink coffee and talk with you about making cards! There are several challenges I hope to enter this week and one I look forward to every Monday is MIM from Nichole Heady's blog. Check it out HERE. The January release preview is under way, so after you see some fabulous new products, scroll down to the video tutorial by Dawn McVey.
Traditional parents look at weltanschauung unschoolers and only see crazy levels of indulgence, a constant flow of socially unnormal behaviors! Oh, dear God! Yes. That's right. I'm that dad. I truly understand that from a traditional perspective it's crazy because traditional American child-rearing is all about control. I'm not. The phrase "my kids" is not the conceptual equivalent of "my bicycle."
The lions were also piped in yellow, and after they dried overnight I piped on a bright orange mane, eyes, and outlined it in yellow as well. For the mane, I couldn't decide between a curly-Q mane or a solid filled-in mane, so I ended up doing both!
Now, I'll admit from the outset that I could give a rat's ass about Lady Gaga or Amy Winehouse or nearly any other contemporary talent. It's nothing against their contemporaryness. It's just that my tastes--while broad and eclectic, run in different areas. My prerogative.
salt for seasoning
The screech of feedback on a microphone
Art the Accidental Apostrophe.
The Abstainer’s Handbook (second edition), p.54
When I have enough, I’m going to start giving these away to everyone I know. Five pounds of these guys (which could fit in this container) could eat 5lbs of matter per day, including paper! I suspect that they actually eat it a little slower than that, but there is less in there than there was when I started this bin. Imagine how much paper waste could be reduced if everyone had a worm bin!
Best Comedy: Winner – Spark TV (Not the News Network)/ Highly Commended – GUST (Spooning)
Over the weekend I was asked by one of the Knowmads council, Floris, to speak at this event called Stand-up Inspiration. Floris offered me the opportunity to speak in front of 100 people who are creative and doing cool things in the Netherlands. It was his way of helping me find €5000 to hang out in Drop-In’s bank account for a few months in order to get my residence permit and I was very thankful for the opportunity. The intention was for me to give a 1 minute inspirational talk about what Drop-In does and then quickly describe that I need to raise €5000 by April 1st in order to stay in the Netherlands. Because the attendees are up to cool stuff and connected to cool, we thought this would be a great opportunity to network and possibly get some cool ideas to make this €5000 a reality.
door to Nico’s, knowing her dad would be able to help.
Jamie Ness
For this first attempt at a reading challenge, I'm not going to be strict! Speculative fiction for me includes anything from the realm of science fiction, fantasy or horror - doesn't matter what subgenre, or whether it is tie-in fiction. I'm aiming to make this as inclusive as possible.
7. Jane's hair. I know it sound frivolous next to the others, but I just can't seem to find a line of products or even a mis-match of products that keep her hair from drying out & frizzing up by mid afternoon.
And can sprawl across the floor.
- Anal sex in restrooms
This isn’t the kind of blog post I meant to write after so much silence. I guess I just hope it’s the kind of post that you needed to read. Perhaps you, like me, tend to live in the Where You’re Going and forget to enjoy the Where You Are. And maybe you must always be moving forward, because getting what you want will always, must always, be a gradual process. I’m not even sure there is a What You Want, not that doesn’t morph once you’ve reached it.
-That I have a serious fetish for redheads...but not nearly as bad as the fetish this film's creators had for windows.
A semi trailer containing 1,600 copies of “The Cornbread Mafia” by Kentucky author James Higdon was stolen from a storage lot in Elgin, Ill., on the night of April 28, according to police in the town, located about 40 miles west of Chicago.
El Kudz, as Arabs call Jerusalem, is, from a certain distance, as they also call it, shellabi kabir. Extremely beautiful. Beautiful upon a mountain. El Kudz means The City, and in a certain sense it is that, to unnumbered millions of people. Ludicrous, uproarious, dignified, pious, sinful, naively confidential, secretive, altruistic, realistic. Hoary-ancient and ultra-modern. Very, very proud of its name Jerusalem, which means City of Peace. Full to the brim with the malice of certainly fifty religions, fifty races, and five hundred thousand curious political chicaneries disguised as plans to save our souls from hell and fill some fellow’s purse. The jails are full.
Get a good setting lotion; something more liquid-like than a gel or a hair pudding. This will help maintain wave definition. If you have kinky hair, you should blowdry your roots straight so that the waves will lay closer to your face instead of sticking up, and this will give the appearanace of longer hair.
So, what kept us so busy.... we put in a new surround for the tub, patched a couple holes in the walls, packed more stuff, and Travis and the boys hauled it all out to the shed for now. Cleaned up the deck and the yard, scrubbed walls, rearranged our room, made BIG messes everywhere, (renos suck at times) and shopping.... I think we had to hit every hardware and paint store in town to get all the supplies we needed. That was a painful experience. Thankfully I had already decided on an off white for the bathroom and mudroom, and that was an easy pick. I'm not going to fiddle with testing a few different colors, I picked one, and that's what it's going to be! A little crazy, but I figured there isn't too much room for error with a white.
Nine years ago today my life changed forever. I learned the meaning of selfless love. I found my inner “mama bear”. I knew what it meant to love someone else more than I love myself. I have learned more from you than from any other person I have ever known.
Title: Vision in White (Bride Quartet #1)
The highlight of my day came as we neared Senga Bay. By now we had gotten very liberal at blasting away at the horn as we were firing off warnings left and right like it was no body’s business. As you drive from country to country you start noticing the different modes of transport that people engineer for themselves and Malawi has this unique hand-crank powered wheel chair that seems to be on the forefront of homemade innovation. It’s pretty fancy considering someone had to MacGyver this rig up with just metal, a couple of bicycle chains, and some welding ability. So as we drove we noticed a girl pushing what I’m sure was her dad or grandfather in this very sleek wheel chair, down the already congested and dangerous road (which is the last place that I think they should have been). Either way, as we picked up speed we just sent another warning hoooonnkk their way- like a bolt of lightning the girl shot off into a full sprint away from the road and left her poor father barreling down the road (who was looking back frantically) torquing his little hand crank wheel chair at a million miles per hour by himself ! My uncle and I almost grounded the vehicle from the intense laughter that erupted from the vehicle. We were squealing like little school girls at her inconsiderate sacrifice to save her own skin! I know that dinner table conversation was going to be an awkward one for that family.
Moon and I make our way up onto the stage.
Can you believe this is my last DT creation for SOME ODD GIRL!!!
The third full-time job is promoting my work. While writing quality stuff attracts an audience like nothing else can, this is different from the public relations and networking operations that also build and maintain your audience. I fear that using a post to celebrate my Versatile Blogger Award is dangerously like straight PR instead of writing – and it’s PR for other bloggers as much as for me. Is that fair to my readers? Sorry if that rings distastefully to anyone, especially fellow bloggers, but I always try to tell the truth on this blog.
The true mecca for St Peter's beers is, however, the brewery's own pub, The Jerusalem Tavern. Inside, oil lamps made from the beer bottles have been prepared for the anointed. But while the bottle may be a copy of a Philadelphia flask dating from around 1770, the building itself has been around since 1720. Old and well-used she may be, the pub still attracts a crowd of office workers every weekday. The building is almost a century and a half older than the nearby meat halls of Smithfield, on which site livestock has been traded for more than 800 years. Outside the market hours (4 am- 12 noon) there is precious little evidence of this activity except for the huge halls-the Farringdon area is these days the home of trendy cafés and night clubs.
I'm not here to question the believabilty of the film. You all should know I don't care about that crap. If they had done this or that like a person in real life would do, then this movie would have no reason to exist...which might have been a good idea. But I am entitled to question some of the characters behavior. OK, so initially they park a good 50 feet away from the ATM, and this is done because the good friend is deliberately being a jerk to the 'bad' friend because he is ruining a potentially fun evening with his lady friend. I get that part, but the good friend is forced to go in the ATM, why doesn't he just pull right up to the front of the kiosk so that HE doesn't have to walk through the cold? He leaves his lady friend that far away in a dark parking lot? Then SHE gets out and still doesn't move the car, even though the keys are right there. This would not have altereed the course of the movie that much...I don't know, it just bothered me.
Can circumstances possibly
According to wikipedia, Shaw "founded the Collegiate Chorale, a group notable in its day for its racial integration."
Hi everyone. Can you believe we are in May already!!! Nearly half way through the year. Where has the time gone! Well with the NEW month comes a NEW lot of challenges. This is my DT layout for this months Kraft It Up challenge. This months criteria is to ask either your kids or hubby what Easter means to them. Now, I thought long & hard about this question, not wanting to get "heavy" in a public forum, then I came across these pics of a friend on mines little one, & my question was answered.
For the second Monday post this week, I offer an update on my loan progress.
Allow others to be involved
because of its new paint
And yes, the two women involved in Thrall’s life to this point have been human. Taretha was a friend to him during his slavery, and ultimately affected his freedom before her tragic execution. Jaina assisted Thrall and Cairne in their campaign during the events of Warcraft III and continues to communicate with the Warchief to this day. I’ll make something clear: in neither situation did Thrall seek out a human woman for companionship, but rather they crossed paths and became fellows.
I've been playing with pinks and greens for about a week now so I figured I'd keep right on going with that theme!
15 oz fat free ricotta cheese (I like Polly-o)
“It was a lot of work that winter,” he says. “I had lost everything and had to get it all back. But I was ready to go when the season started.”
With that said, one of the questions I love playing with in SciFi is, “What does it mean to be human?” I then answer it, or at least ask it, within the context of a SciFi background.
A1: "What about Ava?"
We also meet an elderly man who has recently lost his wife. Always secretive about her past in mainland Europe it is only after her death that he begins to discover the full extent of what she had kept to herself and we will learn even more about the history of that desk and how it came to be in Varsky's possession in the first place. Not all of the sections are given an equal weight. There is no doubt that Aaron's narration is the strongest from a character point of view but it is Nadia and her meditations on writing itself that really held sway for me. This is where Krauss really deserves her comparison to Roth for providing a story that not only satisfies on its own terms but also has something to say about the act of writing itself. In her sections, begun and punctuated by the appeal Your Honor so that she is almost like a witness on trial, Nadia is unapologetic about the process of writing. Knowing that she has not been free in her own life she is strident that 'the writer should not be cramped by the possible consequences of her work. She has no duty to earthly accuracy or versimillitude. She is not an accountant; nor is she required to be something as ridiculous and misguided as a moral compass. In her work the writer is free of laws.' Later in the novel she has to admit how that isolation may have turned her into the kind of person so singularly obsessed that they neglect even the closest relationships in the the real world.
I am pretty sure that I have lost weight. I went up into the attic and got out a couple of my “skinny” shirts and tried them on. (By skinny I mean 2X instead of 3X) They were still too tight, but I have lost inches for sure. I still have not weighed myself. I think I’ll wait until the day before vacation to do that.
it is what it is - life moves on
more than a couple
And I’ve been updating this blog thing – Writing.
The outside she dreamed of, full of friends, was a lot better than this real outside even though she loved that, this real outside, almost secretly. Hand on the frosted grass beside her she curled fingers around several cold blades and wrapped them to warm swiftly around her fingers. Fingertips felt every frosty spire melt away into water to cool her skin and seep in among fingerprints, almost tasted it right through her skin. Attention paid to that rather than the meaner use of frost of the window words.
Arsenic and Old Lace
On the MOST EXCITING NEWS EVER front, guess who I get to meet on February 1st!!! Laurie Turk from Tip Junkie. As in Laurie, the Tip Junkie gal herself!!! We're gonna hang-out at the farmhouse and chat about DIY projects. We're also gonna collaborate on some projects for her new home. I'm so friggin excited!!!
Into the syrup mixture, mix in half of the dry mixture, followed by half of the baking soda water, alternating until everything is incorporated and smooth but not overmixed. Bake for about 45 minutes, or until an inserted toothpick comes out clean.
it? This is such a big year for us, and Spencer turning 30 is a very fun part of that. We joke about what an old man he is now :) But really, the hard thing for us to believe is that in the same amount of time that has lapsed from the middle of his mission to now (most of which we have been together) is the same amount of time until he is 40!
-o- I am an early riser and would be supremely happy if I could be in bed by 10 pm every night. I envy night owls and cherish the random times I wake during the witching hour, but I am at my best in the morning. There was one year during college in which I’d fall asleep at eight or nine, wake up at four, read in the bathtub with pillows and blankets until six, and then sleep again until eight or so. Some of my favorite reading experiences are from that year; such as the time I read The Old Man and the Sea for the first time and in one go while the rest of the East Coast was sleeping.
I grew up wishing for a fairy tale, a magical adventure...all I got was life, and it has let me down.
Also, there are much better ways to remove the problem of failure being boring or out of genre. For example, look at Leverage, where character stats are insanely high, so failure almost never happens, and when it does only causes complications, not failure (and complications can happen even if you succeed, so you get to feel awesome AND have interesting failures). Or look at Smallville, where nobody can actually fail at anything, randomly. Success and failure operate outside the dice roll, but the dice roll is still important and emulative. Smallville doesn’t quite work for mysteries (unless both the detective and the criminal are PCs) but it’s another interesting approach to success (or really failure – it happens a lot in Smallville, but not because of the dice, but because success would destroy the angst – in many ways, soap operas are the opposite of mysteries, because they thrive on nobody finding out anything). Both games also have no sense of damage, with failure ALWAYS meaning complications, which removes much of the issue of downbeats anyway – you can’t stop the story if failure is never dull. It’s not unlike Paranoia and Warhammer where you look forward to failing because it was more hilarious that way.
To make the sabji/bhaji/veggie
The most blatant examples of client-sponsored Corporate Cultural Collusion involve account assignments. In the past months, multimillion-dollar brands like Chevrolet, Cadillac, Uncle Ben’s and IHOP have been handed to White agencies without a formal review. It’s the buddy system at its finest—and an opportunity to test the Rooney Rule.
yellow or pink for air
15But have a true weight and a true measure: so that your life may be long in the land which the Lord your God is giving you.
The new grain partnership I'm aware of on this island has three members who have bought a used combine. Say what you will about using fossil fuels in farming but unless you are a gifted scyther with a lot of energy in September - right after the wheat is ripe and just before the rains come - you pretty much need some mechanization to produce the harvest before it rots. In the case of the partnership, the combined acreage should be large enough that, provided the crop is clean enough and of good quality ... and considering that it will be organic, they will be able to realize a decent profit. Everyone else has their work cut out for them.
She looks ethereal, breathtaking, and dare I say...vampiric.
Surrender is often misunderstood as inactivity. Truthfully, it has nothing to do with the bodying doing or not doing. It’s an attitude, a state of mind, which keeps saying, “Okay. This is the way it is.”
With all this going on in my real life, I was shocked to find my bloggosphere full of to-do’s, but lo and behold, I even had a list for blogs to catch up on.
Disciplinary Rule(s) allegedly breached:
Such a man. His face held the expression of one who had endured a torturous vigil, rather like the one from which Peredur could not free himself. But the face also held a beauty that hurt to see. Peredur wanted to turn his face away, but the gaze of those tormented eyes held him and despite the pain, he forced a step or two forward.
* I'll make more meringue for a fluffier topping. I only used 4 eggs in this custard and one of them was a duck egg with barely any white. So next time I'll use about 5 egg whites (from chicken eggs) so I'll have more topping. I used 4 eggs in this custard, instead of Cheeseslaves's six, because that's what I had on the counter and I was too lazy to walk out to get more from under the hens. Its also more along the same ratio of the custard recipe that my grandma used.
He is the Christ, the Son of God today. He is the Christ of the present. Yes, He was the Christ yesterday, but He certainly is still the Christ today. He will be the Christ tomorrow, but He wants to be your Christ right now. He is on your side. What He has done for others, He desires to do for you today. Let Him be the Christ of your moment, the Christ of your circumstance, the Christ of your storm, the Christ in your sickness, because He desires to do for you what He did yesterday. He was there then, He is now here with you.
My mum is back down and during her visit with my brother she discovered the physical abuse my brother was going through. Such as my dad hitting him for no reason and scaring the shit out of him when he was a child. I remember always being intimidated by my dad and so was my brother.
Elegant and astonishing, Patrick Somerville tells the story of one man's journey into the heart of marriage, parenthood, and what it means to be a family. Confirming the arrival of an exuberantly talented new writer, THE CRADLE is an uniquely imaginative debut novel that radiates with wisdom and wonder.
Bench: Home Goods, recovered with laminated fabric
Limited overnight accommodation: please book now.
***If you are a family member or ex-family member and reading this... So sorry I have to close the blog, if you are techy enough to go on the internet and read my blog, ADD FACEBOOK and you can be updated with pictures of Payton on there.
Location: Carlsbad Caverns National Park
Yngwie Malmsteen - solos
Skill trees for NEStalgia are officially out! Decided to share a few neat builds I have found so far so people may use them or build upon! Feel free to suggest a few of your own as well. I do not claim these to be "perfect" builds, these are just what work for me (or for others in terms of other people's builds).
Does God work miracles today? Without a doubt. Is he doing them at regularly scheduled pre-planned events calculated to bring glory and riches to men? Not likely. If your pastor is getting into this sort of thing, lovingly offer him a ride to the nearest critical care unit, pediatric cancer ward, or severe burn treatment center, so he can really put his “anointing” to use free of charge. Or better yet, take him to the morgue. If he can slap your Aunt Boo-Boo upside the head and heal her ingrown toenail, surely it’s only a difference in degree between that “miracle” and raising the dead. Right?
Even if Saturn 3 has aged pretty badly it’s a movie that’s close to my heart. It’s big budget trash, but with a story who belongs in a seventies porn-parody. Kirk Douglas is of course great, but there’s an air of desperation around him – like he knows that he’s an old fart and that this won’t work out in the end. I think this is the last time I’ve seen him play young-at-heart macho guys, after that he understood his age and took more fitting parts. The aura of not so hip sex oozes from Saturn 3, but never becomes annoying or too adult. The violence is more graphic, which surprised me after all these years – for example a chopped of hand, a character being sliced to thousands of pieces and a quick look at a robot wearing a human head!
A true Gryffindor, determined that he would join the fight,
Elvis stops his Vegas dancing and walks up towards me.
You ever eat a sandwich that completely re-defines the way you look meat and bread forever? This beer is that sandwich.
Jesse: No, wait, you just said that you need to love and be loved…
The light bulb went off for me when my mom told me about the suicides. all of a sudden it made so much more sense to me.
What a lie it is to believe that today is just going to be like every other day. It can’t be with Jesus in it. His “love and life and grace and truth” are going to fill up today making sure that no “today” will be “just like yesterday.” I wonder what we miss because we’ve stopped believing that Jesus will continue to leave us in awe and wonder, even on “just another Monday?”
I am a Spaniard, also a German. And I have for a long time also felt myself to be a European.
Comedians should stick to comedy.
The strength of this installment of the game and pretty much the previous games of Mass Effect has always been the story and the universe’s characters. The gravity of the war and its inevitable losses are felt as you play the game. Characters die and their deaths are a sacrifice that need to be made in the hopes all living beings will have a chance at survival. At times you witness your Shepard make a stunning victory against the Reapers and in others you witness your hero/heroine watch as a race’s home world get utterly destroyed right before your Shepard’s eyes and he/she is powerless to stop it. It’s moments like these where playing for the story is truly worth it.
We can't buy more time 'cause time won't accept our money
Don’t get me wrong. I like charities! I like Misha! I want Misha’s charity to be one that I like. Unfortunately, it seems the people behind it have good intentions, but as we in the international development blogger community know, “Good intentions are not enough.”
Right galliera pm review Artificial Louis Vuitton Handbag base really builds quite a few crash into of any display it’s visibility every single consulting, workshop or even obtaining below smaller population center be the same for.
I cannot believe we only have 10 weeks to go. Seriously. Cannot. Believe.
But first let me explain what these Urban Legends of Dumb Workers are all about. They are the stories you hear every so often that happened to someone than later another person had the exact same experience, and your all like “Oh My God! What a coincidence!!” until you hear it for a third, and fourth and the legend continues as you find yourself travelling from jobsite to jobsite. Unsure how to react the next time you hear it, I try to fight the urge to simply finish the line for them, and explain that “It happened to nine other people I’ve met, I just wonder did you all goto the same place?”
Oh this nighttimes so romantic,
The world is wondering on various topics. What will the newly minted billionaires & millionaires do with all their monies? Has the free publicity by the media over the years turned FB into the household name it is today? Is the company really worth $100 billion with only about $4 billion in revenues and $1 billion in profits? What kind of person is Mark Zuckerberg? Will his focus now shift to catering to his shareholders and making more money for them? Will he now start selling your and my information to companies looking to leverage the data for various reasons including selling us what we may or may not want? How much information should we make public on social networking sites? Is anything ever private? What is the future of Facebook (FB)? What modes will FB adopt to grow its revenues and what controversies will that cause? Do I still want to continue on FB? Is spending a few minutes to an hour daily on FB a waste of my time? As a user, how is it that I am not making a single penny while my data is worth something to someone out there? So on and so forth……
Your soul untried, and yet -
4 1/2 cups water
TWO LANES!
Yet another great sampling session, this time with probably the strongest selection of beers we’ve ever had and the highest overall ratings as well. The majority of the beers were in the abt/quadruple category. These are very strong, tending to around 10% alc, and very malty, fragrant, and fruity. We had a few Belgian strong ales in the mix.
In 1997 I met Daniel, my now partner and soon to be husband. Together we have raised our kids, nurtured our careers and created a very gentle and loving life together.
I am not your PA, your secretary, your chaffeur or your personal slave. GET ORGANISED. I, believe it or not, have my own job. You're employed by ME!
At our house, we had been smelling something unpleasant — probably a dead rodent — for about a week but couldn’t pinpoint the source. When we got our new puppy home, his little legs were so short I had to lift him from the step into the front door. But once inside, he got right down to business with his nose . . . and he led us straight to the dead mouse under the Big Guy’s easy chair.
*Although the snowed in bit is not really recommended in some aspects it worked out really well!
2 – While I can totally see being mad at the parent who broke my kid’s leg, I can also see moving on. Getting over it. Realizing it could have been ME. Lasting consequences seems a bit dramatic for an injury that, the article says, the children recover from in 4 to 6 weeks, without “lasting complications.” (Except, of course, for the divorce.)
I went to work and came up with a system that makes hot weather much more tolerable, and dancing in warm milongas much more bearable. Here's what works for me - please feel free to add comments, recommendations and suggestions below.
emailing, doing Aim, etc., she ran circles around me.
On the other hand, the first dessert of clementine confit, poached Chinese mushroom and chantilly cream looked on paper to fit my expectations of inventiveness, a twist on French styles, but unfortunately the tastes just don’t quite combine and it’s just shy of a success. Of course at Le chateaubriand they don’t appear to care either way.
I think I'd like to send this question to them (as I am sure it will likely get me a 95% approval rating from other speed daters): Where is the strangest place you have vomited and why? Please be specific in your answers.
And that's not the only thing I forgot. I was scheduled to bring snacks to our MOPs children's workers last week. Did they get a snack? No. Did I forget? I did. Did I even remember I forgot? Nope. Not until yesterday's steering team meeting when someone brought up that they didn't have a snack. My face went quite pale I assume. No, they didn't have a snack because I forgot!
The host will consult the Twitterverse for suggestions relevant to them and will then make the final decision on one charity per venue/host. The host is responsible for ensuring that the charity is legitimate.
To thee from tortured souls arise.
With my new Bavarian wool and silk hat and some stops for outdoor Gluehwein, we went around this interesting city tasting Schweinshaxe, Knoedeln, Pretzels, Leberkaese, Sauerkraut, Wusts and a lot of other dishes with brown sauces.
Click the link below:
then on a bit of a tangent there's slot of conversations I've found myself in lately with people expressing the end of days coming in 2012 (which I'm not a believer in) and the frequency of these conversations, not the actual topic, but that so many people are subscribing.... leaves me a little speechless.
As Jonah rides on into town we overhear a hushed conversation between two nuns, Sister Agatha (played by Linda Hunt) and Sister Evelyn. Agatha tasks Evelyn with 'washing up' and bringing the dead man back so they can inspect him.
I also must add...old wool or cotton clothing can work just the same, be sure to overlap. Think about it....covering the ground with your fasvorite old sweater, the one that needs to be buried!!!! Give it a nice place to carry on in another useful way.
Houston Chronicle
This spot could have gone to MasterChef Australia (which should now totally be called Adult MasterChef Australia just to make it sound creepy), but Junior MasterChef had more likeable contestants, it didn’t clog up the schedule with non-stop 24 hour coverage, and it’s food looked just as spectacular. Even for those viewers who complained about the supposed “meanness” of MasterChef would find it hard to fault the grade schoolers of Junior MasterChef. The only downside, hating reality show contestants is a signature of the genre but hating on kids feels kind of mean, even if they deserve it.
Palate: Again smooth grain, candied nuts, dry sherry, a less sweet/dryer Ron Zacapa 23. Pine, gentle oak, fresh roast java. Quite smooth and drinkable at 65.5 per cent. Water brings out sweet spiced rum of the highest quality.
Thanks for the nice comments last week. I got my dad back here and they are doing a ton of tests...mainly, he's 98 and things are just wearing out but his mind is as sharp as ever!
The inside was finished with a computer generated greeting and another strip of the Frostwood Lodge paper sized for 6x6. I was going to keep this card on my desk as a start to the holiday mood, but a colleague at work really needed that bear hug yesterday, so it's on her desk instead:))
Round 5: Ch 3. *2 dc in next dc, dc in next 3 dc, repeat from * around. Join to top ch of ch 3. (50 dc)
On the basis of scientific evidence, I am totally willing to concede that the universe in fact has a beginning. That particular premise of the cosmological argument is true. I spent all that time arguing about infinities not because I believe the universe has no beginning, but because I genuinely believe WLC has infinities all wrong.
I’m off to see Neil Young next Tuesday evening. Finally, after thirty odd years of listening to him, I am able to actually attend one of his shows. In the past they have coincided with weddings, holidays, other already made plans and sold out signs. Eldest and Mrs Eldest are coming as well. Down to Nottingham via rail and then an overnight stay.
-The little story on the left: Since they had filmed a music program before they shot for An An, the members were all so tired. SOL nearly fell asleep when we were taking the photos. T.O.P was like a good hyung, he tried to wake him up and said naughty things with VI. Then SOL fell asleep again and was waken up again by T.O.P… this wet on repeatedly. T.O.P was really the one who created the atmosphere of this photo shoot.
Her research from 2008 found that in dual-earning households, women were contributing about 45 percent of a family’s income on average.
I also come from a different school of thought. Doggie dirt and germs are not going to kill a kid unless of course they have some sort of condition or allergies…. But I am just an Auntie, not a mom. What the hell do I know about raising a child? Absolutely nothing.
will we ever move back to Indiana?
YOU FXXXIN" LAIR!!!!!!
But, unfortunately, my mom caught the same thing we had. She started feeling a little rough on Sunday and now she's where we were last Wednesday. I feel awful that she caught it. We've been careful with washing hands and everything, but if the boys are carrying it and you're around them--you will catch it, apparently. Poor Mamaw. :(
8. Having a head cold.
1/4 teaspoon baking powder
Music: Dance Song '97 by Sleater Kinney, my favorite band of all time.
We think organizational scientists/consultants will benefit from having a convenient source to consult in the design of organizational change research projects. We provide detailed descriptions of the variables and measures that have been used in previous work, and classify these variables into broad conceptual categories. We believe this classification system, which is also presented in several of the tables in the manuscript, will provide researchers with a clearer interpretation of the various variables that can be used to explain reactions to change. We hope our summary of the 60 years of quantitative research will encourage future change researchers to increase the level of scientific rigor of their projects.
vinaigrette
If we let people see that kind of thing, there would never again be any war. ~Pentagon official explaining why the U.S. military censored graphic footage from the Gulf War
First class p&p for the rest of the world: £3.50 for the first item, 50p for each additional items.
It had to be tangerine shoes this week in recognition of my town's football team making their premiership bid next week. Blackpool Football Club and thousands of Blackpool fans will be making the trip to Wembley next weekend.
I probably should have thrown them away....but I didn't....
Oh, how much there is to say about this abomination of a sentence. Where to start? If Riker is grinning to hide his nervousness, we don't need the word "slightly." We have all seen a nervous grin. "Ineffectual" is unnecessary in this instance. Don't believe me? Read the whole sentence without that word. The effect is the same. Of course the astute captain will see through a nervous grin. I'm not even sure astute is needed, but I am willing to let that slide.
This is a problem.
Soon after that, another house mate had strep throat, but I didn’t get it.
Salina Yoon is a wonderful author with over 180 books published — and counting. If you are a parent, you probably have owned at least one of her super-creative board or novelty books. One of my kids’ favorite was FIVE SILLY TURKEYS – at least until yesterday. KALEIDOSCOPE is Ms. Yoon’s newest title, and it’s a stunner! Every page gorgeous in color, and the rhyming text is playful and a delight to read aloud. Of course, being a Salina Yoon book, it’s also amazingly interactive.
One person alone cannot handle everything. The secret is to surround yourself with employees that are smarter than yourself. These smart people will challenge organisations and force them to think differently. I covered this, under mobility of management when I covered; can IT Management failure be caused by a deadly disease? Part II. CIOs need to understand the importance of retaining and investing in people as one of the business’s most important assets is yet again confirmed by another business leader.
This is the shaded entrance into the Japanese Garden at the Minnesota Arboretum.
Of course fueling anti-Iranian sentiments has been constantly on the UAE officials’ political agenda. The statesmen of the newborn, tiny Arab sheikhdom think that by launching verbal attacks against Iran, they can gain power and popularity. But they have brought their eggs to the wrong market. Hostility and rivaling with Iran will backfire and fail. The hullabaloo of the Emirati officials is a tempest in a teapot and there’s no trace of logic and rationality in it. What is annoying and painful is that by credulously neglecting the principle of peaceful neighborhood and coexistence, the Arab officials are muttering the words of Israel, the U.S. and UK about Iran and upsetting a neighbor which has always contributed to their progress and development.
Last week he opened a present (his first such offense) and found a train. It was for Harrison. Noble loves trains. This particular train was Emery from Chuggington (Noble's favorite show.) He was devastated that this was not for him. Later when I asked him what Christmas was all about he said, "Emery."
Makes 2 loaves (because, really, who wants just one?)
We need to make the players and their teams responsible for what they do, both during games and afterwards, until they get home. After that, players are on their own, with some exceptions as to ”wider ranging” contractual concerns.
#iamverytirednow
“When we least expect it, life sets us a challenge to test our courage and willingness to change; at such a moment, there is no point in pretending that nothing has happened or in saying that we are not yet ready. The challenge will not wait. Life does not look back. A week is more than enough time for us to decide whether or not to accept our destiny.”
I knew about his trip. What I hadn't known was that Obama's arrival would lead to a closure on LSD.
I understand why people would think this is a chauvinistic hate-song to some punk-ass bitch. It really isn’t. What it really is about is how big an asshole you can be to one another in a relationship. I’m a dogg and she’s a bitch. We are equally good/bad to one another. But of course I’ll blame it on her when we’re having a fight, just like she would blame it on me, if it was her who’d written the song. In other words, I’m just saying it like it is. Nobody calls each other honey or sweetie pie in the middle of a fight, right?
This weeks guest judge and adorable baby photo provider is Ashley Sisk of 'Ramblings and Photos' . If you are an avid photographer and want to get the hang of editing those photos you've taken that you feel could do with a little 'tweak' or even a complete leg removal then you need to check out Ashleys blog. I have and believe me when I say that the tutorials are A.mazing!
All stations were supervised or taught by either Ohio Wildlife Officers or trained professionals in that field. Considering my safety background at work I was very pleased to see that they required everyone to wear earplugs and safety glasses when at the shotgun and rifle stations. Seth did awesome, hitting 2 out of 3 clay birds with the shotgun and he has never shot at a moving target with a shotgun before!
Tapper: that is amazing
Okay, so catch up time. I may never post Christmas pictures. And I haven't taken that many pictures so far this year. A run down of the not-so-wonderful January we've had, in 100 words (I hope) or less:
For my part of the future…I have quite a few things to consider. My default plan is to find a site where I can function as a counselor under supervision, which is part of the procedure for getting state licensure. Once I am licensed by the state, I can set up a private practice or at least get paid more(I hope).
For me that track happens to be “Music Sounds Better With You” – Stardust.
cream : 1/2 cup
I flick through the diary and the pages
Some common questions I get and my take on them:
If your exercise routine is off track, start by finding something you really enjoy doing — walking, biking, or swimming — and adding 10 minutes of that exercise to your day. Before you know it, exercise will have become a daily routine.
I try not to think deep thoughts early in the morning. Generally, just finding shoes that match can totally make me happy. But every once in a while I find myself reflecting on life in general and how it can change seemingly in an instant. Every day I struggle with paying attention to the here and now. Lofty ambitions and long-term plans have their place, but there’s also something invaluable in the simplest pastimes: a long walk in the evening; organizing that junk drawer; playing catch with the grandchildren; baking a batch of cookies.
* bake a million cupcakes for emily's birthday on thursday
It’s clear that parting company is difficult. It is even more difficult to achieve with both grace and autonomy. When we desire to take sovereignty of our own lives and our own spiritual paths are we truly the best judge of when we are ready? If it is not necessary to ‘cut the ties’ in anger, why is that so common? Is it a necessary stage of development to separate ourselves from our parents (biological or spiritual) in order to truly recognize our own sovereignty?
The production starts at 7pm, which I feel is already bordering on the witching hour for small children. And then there’s the small matter of what the play is about – Tom Sawyer’s adventures with Huckleberry Finn. It’s hardly reading material for a five-year-old. Couldn’t they have picked something a tad more child-friendly, like Goldilocks and the Three Bears? But I cast these doubts aside.
“I had concerns over the facilities on site, with the toilets and waste water because they were originally designed for just two caravans.”
2. Writing for blogs is different from any other kind of writing. It requires an intimacy of voice that can take time to develop. But it is also one of the most natural, rewarding forms of writing. And very necessary for anyone serious about developing a writing career today. Learning how to blog smarter, not harder, is essential.
So sorry, this body has already been taken. This body has a heart, a life, a garden, a home, love. This body has love–so where is this place you, you this mad and consuming other girl have returned to? Yes, you used to live here, but we had given you up for dead and sold that lot some time ago.
I have had the Zumba videos for about a year now but I know that you can find some videos online as well. Here is just a snippet of what fun Zumba can be! Enjoy!
I find it ironic that I gave my heart to Him under a tree—a place where I felt the first sting of violation. 1 Corinthians 1:27 says “But God has chosen the foolish things of the world to shame the wise, and God has chosen the weak things of the world to shame the things which are strong.” I pictured God in heaven, the God who sent His son to die on His own death tree, looking down and seeing me—a disheveled, unwanted, fear-filled child—and deciding to choose me to someday shame the wise.
2) Pumpkin spice cupcake with cream cheese frosting dusted with cinnamon sugar.
This has been an AMAZING journey for me! I started the challenge WAY back on Sept 9, 2008. We started with myself and three DT members. And it slowly grew into this beautiful creature of art inspiring art and I became known as "The EtsyInspired Girl." EtsyInspired is truly like one of my babies, I've nurtured it and watched it grow. I've made giant leaps and huge mistakes. And I poured my heart into in. Every single person who has ever played this challenge is so very dear to me. I appreciate that you have taken the time out of your life to come let the shops we've chosen inspire you. EtsyInspired was a dream come true for me on so many levels and I thank all my DT members, Etsy shops, sponsors, and players for coming with me on this journey.
Hello fellow blog followers! So the interview I had last week went well. I am on the substitute teaching list at a charter school for middle and high school students. I haven't gotten called yet, but was told that I could be as busy as 3-5 days/week. I guess I'll just have to wait and see. I have had a few chances to network with business professionals around the area through chamber events and local business groups. I have a busy week ahead following up on employment leads such as: short term marketing positions at 2 local coffee roasteries, and a possible sales position at a software company. Those are the job leads that would be based out of Sandpoint so far. In addition to that, I am also working on sales opportunities with a couple logistics companies as well as an audio and web meeting solutions co. You know the old saying, "if you throw enough stuff on the wall, something's gotta stick"! If anyone has any other ideas I am all ears. :) When I'm not job hunting I spend my time biking up mountains, and finding new trails to run. Back to Kare...
The bottom line is this. In 2008 a compelling body of evidence exists that there is progressive brain dysfunction in alcoholic clients. This brain dysfunction is measureable and supported in the scientific literature. What follows is the research verification for the Post Acute Withdrawal Syndrome (PAW) Syndrome. This evidence is summarized in the following Alcohol Alert.
He will be sentenced next week, and the only options are life in prison, or the death penalty.
Tomorrow I go to visit my surgeon for my post-op appointment and I am SOOOOO glad that I will finally get to remove the damn dressing and this massive brace, for hopefully a more streamlined brace. Also to get rid of the TED stocking will be great too.
Burton also mentioned a “six-figure” Democrat donation/bribe to Jesse Jackson to buy his silence about Israel. On October 14, 2008 Jackson told fellow attendees in at the World Policy Forum in Evian France a ‘President Obama’ would “remove the clout of Zionists who have controlled American policy for decades.”
Contradictions of Man,
Anne Angel, one of our partners, read this recently - couldn't put it down. Anne say's it was an enchantingly quirky murder mystery.
Quick reminder!
In any case, even if the specimens could be considered displays closely associated with the goods, they did not show the mark SONEX used to identify internal combustion engines.
Let there be no doubt – if you ask me, this new Gintama was a lot more fun and had a lot more of good moments than the previous anime series, when looking at it relatively. I loved the Kabukicho Four Devas Arc, which was one of the first – the scenes were beyond godly. The action and the way some characters acted in that arc, can only be described as "badass". I think it was then that I realised just how awesome this continuation of Gintama was. When it comes to the humor, it was even more enjoyable than the first series – and truthfully I don't know if it's because I've warmed up to Gintama's crazy humor or because it's just really funny.
1) To unsaved Israelites who were under the Law.
Pink Striped DP from Itsy Bitsy....
5. Deadline for this Challenge is 11:59pm PST Tuesday May 31st (giving the West Coast a chance to get there entries in as well)
A number of my friends have moved, or are about to move, to the South Coast of England.
It's Sunday night, it's around 8:30 pm.. and it's time for a new freebie, and what a cutie he/she is. This one is the first of a couple of cute bears that I have drawn, the second will be along later in the week ahead, so keep an eye open for a new post.
Tapper: you are against two of my favorite wars
Guests were encouraged to vote for a gender. Orange for boy, and yellow for girl. I made wooden pins to represent the two teams and we all had fun seeing what Kimberly was having based on old wives tales.
He decided for the quilt and the cover remained untouched.
Of course, Fleming did not kill off 007 and he followed up this novel with the terrific On Her Majesty's Secret Service.
Elm Publishing refers several times to a bookshop. That bookshop is here, UK Bookland, part of UK Unpublished, but it is not linked or available for visitors to the site. Nowhere on the website is there a single book.
I have had the opportunity to get to know Health at Every Size proponent Ragen Chastain after interviewing her for my documentary America the Beautiful 2: The Thin Commandments. I was coming home from a screening of the movie when I received an email from Ragen alerting me to the fact that our first lady Michelle Obama was going on The Biggest Loser to proclaim the contestants as role models.
So what gives?
Thanks for setting the challenge Sarah. It's been fun :-)
Of course, I’d love to help — sign me up. As far as a few sentences go, here’s what I’ve got — I hope it’s OK:
** I did find it interesting that after she told me the cream wouldn't do anything, I proceeded to spot for an entire day after the appointment. Not sure if the pap can cause that (it hasn't ever before), or if my sudden lack of applying the cream that week had actually caused something to start happening. I had used the cream for about 10 days, and stopped only because I didn't want to have my period during my pap appointment. Not like it matters at this point, though... I'm almost done with these pills.
Before we get to this weeks challenge, we have a winner to announce. I'm so glad you enjoyed our challenge last time. The sketch was a little bit different from the usual, so I'm truly happy that you enjoyed using it. =)
They're still there he's all gone
Finally, this tutorial from www.alittleglassbox.com blew me away. Such a fun lampshade and a terrific use of zip ties. One of my favorite items from the hardware store.
At the touch of the fire
Lillian I. Frederick, 46, Teaneck, N.J.
Secondly: pick up a bottle each of sparkling wine and club soda. You don’t have to splurge on fancy champagne for this recipe, not by any means. I usually use prosecco for this, or you can use any sort of inexpensive French or domestic sparkling wine that tastes good to you.
God Bless :)
- Bake in the preheated oven for 15 to 20 minutes.
Geronimo Stilton fans will enjoy the new historic topic and the added information that makes this series the wonderful and thought provoking series that it is. Filled with mystery, suspense and educational information, children will love what this book has to offer.
The lyrics are as fresh as a daisy. I know of no better lyricist in show-business than Mr. Sondheim — his words are a joy to listen to, even when his music is sending shivers of indifference up your spine. The man is a Hart in search of a Rodgers, or even a Boito in search of a Verdi.
Instinct MMA‘s second event went down Friday night in Quebec City’s Pavillon de la Jeunesse arena.
So why do they do that? A simple answer: It is BDS (Bush Derangement Syndrome). Bush is so hated by many on the Left that they cannot accept any evidence that might support his policies. Their worldview requires that Bush be (as they often say) akin to Hitler and the embodiment of all evil. That he might have had reasonable grounds for his overthrow of two aggressive Islamic regimes (in Afghansistan and Iraq) just cannot be accepted. Rather than accept that it is preferable to believe a total absurdity.
Tickets @ www.tikibaroc.com
I did a quick check of other Borders on my computer (Borders is civilized enough to let you check their inventory online), and of the six Borders stores I checked, five had copies.
I learned to bat for the first time...
Her: It feels like dancing.
These are just way too cool for me to pass up. James White just posted these test images he made a while back. To quote the man himself on the project,
At first I was at a quandary as to what to sew for her. I really don't have many girls patterns (size 10/12) in my pattern stash from the big 4. As a matter of fact, I think the count is 4. So, I went on the net looking for tween patterns. What came up in my search were Farbenmix and Pink Fig patterns. Score. I already had them in my stash. Woo-hoo! The largest size on these patterns is 11, but I do believe that it will be easy enough to size up when the need arises.
7) At this point now some of you are telling me we ought to engage politically because Jesus says render unto Caesar. But lets look closely at the what Jesus really says. I am taking the text here from Matthew but Jesus’ words are the same in Mark and Luke:
Try quality of life fee as well sample clauses below (payable by the beneficiary of the receipient of the contract) :
It cannot be said that the Path of Probation lasts for any given amount of time…not an hour, a day, or a year. It is thus futile to seek to put Probation within a specific window or amount of time. This is oftentimes done incorrectly for there are those who do not feel comfortable and secure unless they have a specific and definite time slot for everything. They want to know when everything is going to occur, how it is going to occur, and why. While one is busy keeping all such information going on and alive in their mind, one easily overlook the importance of what is taking place of the event one is incessantly seeking to time.
CINNAMON SWIRL RAISIN BREAD
Gone away is the bluebird,
Frank leaned back in his desk chair and laced his hands behind his head. He watched the senator puff and snort around his desk like a dog defending his turf. A sense of elation filled him. He finally had the upper hand. “I think you may have forgotten that the name on this building is Howard, not Dunbar. I’m in charge here.”
Yeah, I keep looking
There is a growing group of people out there that call themselves preppers. They are not necessarily preparing themselves for the total loss of society as we know it, or the zombie apocalypse (which my husband is rooting for, but that’s not the point!). Most of them really just want to be prepared in the event that one of three things happens: the loss of a job or spouse, a natural disaster (hurricane, flood, earthquake, tornado, blizzard, etc.), or a sustained power outage. These are the most likely events to happen that will have a serious impact on the comfort and well-being of day to day life.
If you have any great attachment to your limbs, please ensure you adhere to the following "Small Talk" Guidelines:
Dewey, John. “A College Course: What Should I Expect from It?” (1890). In The Early Works, (Vol.3, pp.51-55). Carbondale, IL: Southern Illinois University Press, 1969.
Meghan, angry that Ben cheated on Felicity, decides to put a black-magic-spell on him. She stirs up her magic potion and adds a strand of Felicity’s hair.
shattered in minutes
Well, it's it for now....ohhhh, I do have one more thing to tell you all. After my state boards last Monday, I headed to the twin cities to spend some time with my sister and nephew and also to reward myself for finishing school and state boards by buying a new Mac computer. My Dell got a virus last April and I have spent way too much time and way too much money trying to get rid of it, sooooo I finally junked it and moved on. I LOVE my new Mac....still learning how to get around on it, but it is not that hard. I am also excited because I can finally Skype with my daughter Alyssa who is teaching English in South Korea. I miss her so much!!!!
Hubby and I like to relax in the evening surfing the next, laughing at the cat, and watching a bit of TV. Please be quiet about the laughing. I wouldn't want to hurt the cat's feelings.
While cakes are cooling, spread shredded coconut on rimmed baking sheet; toast in oven until shreds are a mix of golden brown and white, about 15 to 20 minutes, stirring 2 or 3 times. Cool to room temperature.
zipper foot
We finished off a perfectly good Friday wih another trip to the glorious Southampton Arms, where we made it through all the beers and most of the ciders. And still had room for some chocolate on the way home.
But if we were to intervene in Iran, or the Falklands, or Syria, or anywhere else (and political leaders like military intervention as cheering on the troops stops us thinking about the things that are going on right under our noses) surely, surely, the troops will need uniforms. And weapons. And money.
A big problem was that this beer was the only one served in the restaurants and bars at the resort (besides Budweiser and I wasn't about to drink an American beer while on vacation in another country).
I know, I know, I missed Valentine's Day so why the look backwards?
How to eat them: Carrot Raisin Muffins
Hair1: Wasabi Pills – Hawk2 (Fantasy Faire )
Sorry to waffle on... I'm just so relieved to have tidied up my head and made a decision!
I still feed him baby foods (out of convenience) but he would rather pick up his food and feed himself. So at home I steam him veggies and let him make a mess!
This is what this charade about the underclass is all about. It tries to hide the fact that the corporate welfare cheats are laughing all the way to the bank with their millions. John Key the NZ Prime Minister is a classic case. A multimillionaire from illgained earnings from currency speculation. An investor in dairying, winemaking, mining, property development, and formerly Tranz Rail. He and his business mates run the NACTs in the interest of making more profits from public asset grabs and insider trading. Meanwhile the sideshow of Benie bashing is designed to force them into shitty work to lower labour costs and encourage profitable investment in 'new jobs' and 'economic growth' in the 'national interest' of the NACTs.
"It says 'no signal' " I was told. I couldn't believe that the transmitter was out so went expecting it to be a usage problem. I wasn't wrong - he had caught a button that had switched the TV to AVC1 and off the aerial. So why couldn't he fix it himself? Well... you call up the menu and it stays for a relatively short time - not enough to move your focus to the handset, search for a button, move your focus back to the screen find where you are supposed to be and start doing it. Not when you are 90+!
The sweet turning sour
This week JustRite Papercraft is having a blog hop for their April Release! The stamps are to die for! I love them all and the entire design team has some mind-blowing projects for you to drool over all week!!
That trade is not the only gain
Another parallel to creative copywriting I found in my reading material today (tell me what it is and I'll send you a prize), this time from the world of comedy.
10/27/2007 76.29
Butros also warned against the risk of Israel becoming an exclusively Jewish state, with a consequent threat to the 1.5 million Muslim and Christian Arabs living there.
In the long run, Liberal Democrat eyes may turn to another candidate. For David Cameron was not the only personable former public school boy without embarrassing political baggage who signed on as a Guardian Unlimited columnist in spring 2001.
No wonder countless parents experience a sense of dread when their child is invited to yet another birthday party. Ugh, another gift to go pick up, more money to spend, another Saturday afternoon of would-be family time shot. I thought birthdays were supposed to be fun.
15. Kinder Blumen
I spoke with a couple of ladies from the Riverview Center, and unfortunately I ended up giving them info on a blog that no longer works. So, I hope I can make it up to them by sharing the awesome work that they do, if I have in fact managed to embed the video properly.
The little pictures are of Bananas with his head covered. One has a knife held up to him and the other is with timer and it reads “Time is ticking”.
The same principle applies to the “Body” of Christ as a whole.
I have to be picky & not always say yes to every event, party or coffee date that comes my way.
I have baseball and IPL to watch. Right now, Mumbai Indians are chasing a paltry 112 posted by Chennai Super Kings that leaves one wondering why the Super Kings even bothered to make the trip. And tonight, we’ll get to see the new Marlins stadium (along with those sweet new orange Marlins caps if we’re lucky).
Right now, we are just trying to keep up with the Corky Facebook page, Cat’s Cradle Facebook page, and Cat’s Cradle Twitter account. We are not going to get to do everything we wanted, but we are doing a lot of cool stuff.
‘Where is she?’
What follows is a real Indiana Jones story that had me completely absorbed from start to finish. First the desert must be navigated, then there are mountains to cross, only for the exhausted trio to find themselves embroiled in a bitter tribal war on the other side. It could have been so dull, but Quatermain's plentiful dry humour and beautiful flights of description proved irresistable. The excitement and suspense is genuinely riveting - there are a couple of deliciously gruesome moments that sent me mentally diving behind my sofa cushion - and when I reached the last page I felt utterly bereft. Having been so completely immersed in the trio's African exploits, I wasn't quite sure what I could read next that could POSSIBLY compare (always the sign of a great book!).
We also chatted about what her favorite social media apps are. She divulged that she loves to use the obvious ones, Twitter and Facebook. She also said that she has help in that department because there are interns that help out with the social media aspects of Her Campus’s daily tweets and posts. She explained that search engine optimization (SEO) is a huge part of their social media presence. Each status update or tweet has to have the right words that will get you to not just pass right by it on your feed but actually take the minute or two to click on the link and then eventually read the story. Chartier said this is huge for their audience. “With young girls from high school onto college and even recent grads viewing our content daily, we have to interest them in taking a few minutes out of their busy days to want to read an article about spring clothing trends or Angelina and Brad’s engagement,” she said.
Anheuser-Busch, Inc. Budweiser Select
Bohlabela, Ehlanzeni and Gert Sibande have all elected new regional executive committees while the Nkangala region held its regional conference last year.
· Conference resumes with panel sessions and keynote addresses.
Went to school library today at lunch time to do IST portfolio and half way through there was a bug falling on our table from no where. I used this friend’s pen to flick it away and after like 5sec it started smelling so so so bad! I didn’t touch it but the smell got onto my scarf, hand and mobile phone -.- The librarian killed it but the smell was still there, it was so uncomfortable that I started feeling sick. Gotta wash my scarf again…(just did last week).
Gaelic is spoken mainly in the Hebrides- not Shetland or Orkney, which were pledged by the King of Norway as a dowry for his daughter, and whose language and ritual still show some Norse influence. But a great deal of Glasgow’s population came from the Highland Clearances, so their ancestors were Gaelic speakers. So my friend, though she and her husband spoke no Gaelic sent her son to a Gaelic-speaking nursery, and even I dabbled a bit, though I got no further than Kimmer a Hahu and Hammy Skee. A man called Domhnull told us to call him Doll: if we tried to mimic the Gaelic pronunciation we only mangled it further.
Maybe a bit younger, cause what I did back then was a bit retarded.
In all the entire history of the nation we never once had a prime minister’s wife coming to the fore and adding fuel to the fire. Datuk Seri Najib must deal with this unless you are oblivious to what Tun Dr. Mahathir once mentioned publicly in making reference to your spouse.
Sorry, a little dark. For you crafty types, this is just a stretch elastic - I bet it would be easy to make. I love all the different shapes and textures on it.
I sat next to my mom on the nearby bench. She was flipping through it, and I was watching over her shoulder. All of a sudden I put out a hand to stop her from turning the page.
As it pertains to creation in modern day discussions, ex nihilo highlights the collision of the material and spiritual worlds. The strictly material worldview scoffs at the idea of a world created ex nihilo because it denies the existence of anything that cannot be known via the five senses. But no sooner than a person adopts a strictly materialistic worldview than he becomes cognitively dissonant in the arena of morality. From the materialistic standpoint there is simply no foundation from which to assert any morality. Still, those who approach our beginnings from a strictly materialistic position are no less prone to preaching oughts than the most fervent of the faithful.
Alexander Brailowsky seems to have fallen out of favor, judging by what recordings are being released on CD. His recording of Chopin's Polonaises is still very well regarded and available on CD. Some of his Chopin recordings appear on various Chopin "greatest hits" CDs. An early recording he made of the Preludes is available as an mp3 download. This recording is not on CD.
40 maids a-milking,
When we got home, a closer look revealed she needed some work.
Those involved in trying to revive PBDS were the former members of the party who have remained partyless.
another week or so passed and I went there and turns out they did have my phone a few days ago but hadn’t bothered to call me like THEY SAID THEY WOULD. I collect it. Come back and a week later the same problems start slowly.
Young Krentcil is in her father’s custody.
Screw them. We're closed. Go back to that shithole continent you call home and that we call Africa. Stay there. Deal with the Somalians. Straighten your own messes out.
Pull ups – 10, 8, 8
It’s weird for me to try to explain my excitement for new things, I guess.
2/Skull – Mishap occurs and hero loses two health points. The hero must back away two spaces, and the Snake Potion is to be placed in the space in front of the Staff.
This book describes Hitler's evil. Race bating and incited class warfare which was the beginning of the holocaust . The total evil that overcame a country of loyal but at first unsuspecting citizens enamored with Hitler's promise of a change and a safe and organized society with the government's "help". That "help" ultimately became a total terror and control....The Nazi Agenda.
“But now that there is no more place for me to work in these regions, and since I have been longing for many years to see you, I plan to do so when I go to Spain. I hope to visit you while passing through and to have you assist me on my journey there, after I have enjoyed your company for a while” (Romans 15:23-24).
f. Jeez, are our music sensibilities still colonized by the Brits?
Link Guidelines
Suddenly, in front of him, a reflection hung, outlined by a strange, ethereal light. The Voice seemed to take on a corporeal manifestation and Mal’haran knew, rather, felt, that it was pointing straight at the reflection.
Right now, he has been asleep for 2 hours in his car seat. After some unsuccessful nap attempts, Ben took him on a 2 minute drive and brought him inside to our room where he has remained asleep despite the chaos of his brothers.
You’re still given five home screens that you can populate with apps and games from the Google Play marketplace.
Caleb’s daughter Aksah had been given some land, but if her field was to be as productive as possible, she needed a water source too. Do you just ask God for the bare minimum or do you ask him for the best? God doesn’t want you to just ‘get by’, he wants you to feel free to ask for the very best from him.
“It has a nice light texture and has that adorable smell that some of their other skincare products have (I am thinking in particular of the Express Flower Gel which I was lucky enough to get from my sis a couple of years back). Anyway, it’s not like putting on a tanning product at all – a good thing. Having said that, it is so light in texture that I felt the need to apply a second layer of moisturiser over the top. The colour is pretty subtle and only started coming out after the second application – it suggests applying two-three times a week and I’d probably go for three. All in all very pleasing – I hadn’t used a face tan for a while so was quite tentative, but soon realised this was a subtle product in every way – smell, texture and colour-wise. A real treat to use for which many thanks!”
Here's what every room looked like while Brad was still trying to get the hang of the hole pro:
I am no Netanyahu apologist. Aggressive Israeli colonisation must be stopped. But the majority of Israelis would agree with me. I know this, because it is a free society, with liberal democracy woven into its politics. I can go to its websites, and read about the differing shades of opinion. Can I do this in Syria? In Iran? And will I be able to in a future Egypt or Libya? Did anyone spot the Islamic Brotherhoos out on the streets throwing its weight about this morning? That didn’t take long.
Billie: Hmm... I want to digsuise myself as Mikey mouse in drag and taunt bulls for a living.
So, trying to pick "the best" for each team isn't easy when you are staring at 6 or 7 or 8 fantastic options for a single club.
It may not be popular, but it is effective. Also known as submission, surrender can be a very effective tool at solving conflict. When we are willing to step out in faith and bend in the breeze like trees in a storm, God can bless our obedience to Him. After all, God tells us in Ephesians 5:21 to “submit to one another out of reverence for Christ.”
Does anyone else get this when you try to visit a blog? It's been happening a lot to me for the last couple of months, and I assume it's to do with the code for the new Blogger interface (don't you love it when they "improve" things?)
because the more you count the more you see?
But 49 countries???? Here’s a list of them:
Menma: I really know I’ve kept her feeling very very sad for long years because of me. I don’t want to make her cry, remind her of me any more!
I don’t really like the rings comparison for players to determine how great they were, but it’s a hot topic so I need to have some input. Jordan won 6 NBA Championships along with 6 Finals MVP trophies. He was the best player on the best team every time they played in the Finals. Kobe has won 5 NBA Championships so far, with 2 Finals MVP trophies. He was not the best player on his team when they won the first 3 championships. There was one of the most dominating centers in the history of the NBA named Shaquille O’Neal on his team and the recipient of 3 Finals MVP awards. If it wasn’t for Shaq would Kobe have those 3 rings? If it wasn’t for Kobe would Shaq have gotten those 3 with the Lakers? Who knows and it’s hard to tell. It’s hard to say that someone is as great as the greatest player in most people’s opinions when the one who wants to be compared had a player who out shined him. Didn’t Shaq leave LA because Kobe wanted to shine? If were talking about rings then isn’t Robert Horry better than both of them? Didn’t think so.
Lose weight and belly fat by drinking plenty of water
Upland - Komodo Dragonfly Black IPA, Bloomington
Thanks for joining me on this journey!
Importantly, a center island will be added to Michigan Avenue in order to accommodate a new safe pedestrian walkway.
Basco Enterprises Private Limited bought the building in 1963 and named it Stamford House. The Stamford House and the Shaw Building was acquired by the Urban Redevelopment Authority (URA) in 1984. Conservation plan for the Stamford House saved the building in May 1991.
Anyone that knows me knows I LOVE Fiskateers! This fabulous crafting community has not only provided me with inspiration and friendships, but a voice into a company that creates some of my favorite tools! If you would like information on how you can become a Fiskateer click on the link above and then "join".
So, here we go…
Energy Development and the Prosperity and Well-being of Aboriginal Communities in Northern Alberta
Beautiful as the setting sun
Pop says that guys like them should be drafted into the army. They’d learn ‘em a thing or two.
- Article 2(2) of the IP Chapter of the Association Agreement has become Article 229(2)(b)
What I have grown most to love about Houston, Texas is its rich culture of food. The food is so amazing here that the city offers Houston Culinary Tours led by some of the greatest Houston chefs in our city. The typical Texas cuisines of barbecue and Tex-Mex are well represented throughout our city, but you will also find amazing ethnic cuisines from around the country and the world. One of my favorite foods to eat this time of year is crawfish, traditionally from Texas’s neighbor to the east, Louisiana. Crawfish boils have crossed the border to Texas -- nice for me, as when I left Maryland I also left my beloved crab feasts. In recent years, more and more Vietnamese-style crawfish restaurants have popped up all around town. One of my favorite foods is Vietnamese and I am lucky to be in Houston, where there are many amazing Vietnamese restaurants, from fancy to casual.
Will you make me whole
You acting tough like you fought like me before
‘We don’t know the extent of the damage behind his eye until his swelling goes down.
Boxing has been a feature of the modern Olympics for over 100 years, with some of the sport’s biggest names coming to prominence during the Games. The most flamboyant of them all, Mohammed Ali, was known as Cassius Clay when he won gold in 1960 and was the subject of a compelling performance by Will Smith in Michael Mann’s Ali (2001).
Salads, bread, pasta, and other such foods. They are much too polygonal, and not at all likely to lead to a well-rounded diet.
“The Frog Prince” by Playhouse on the Square
And my anger at the Mail has only increased, and my irriation at Samantha Brick has turned into pity. What is usually an article to be found in the side bar somewhere down the page was placed in a prominent position as the popularity grew. Of the 5000 comments that there were in around the first 24 hours very very few of them were at all sympathetic or engaging in a serious debate about women's attitudes to other women. The vast majority were horrible, nasty comments written about the writer.
Her reaction was one of polite disinterest, followed by mentioning that she has a friend who makes quilted table runners. There was no comprehension of how much work was required, and she wasn't at all curious about the techniques employed. She didn't recognize the person portrayed (understandable, since that area is only about half stitched), although she did comment on the eyes following her. There was no comprehension that the piece falls under the category of fine art rather than that of utilitarian, decorative objects. Fine art probably isn't even a milieu she's aware of. Her frame of reference is entirely focussed on bed quilts, and a stitched portrait just doesn't have anywhere to fit in.
renting a Forest Fields house owned by landlord, Mr Shakil. When they
It’s a dirty secret but those of us who work creatively, whether we paint, sculpt, take photos, design buildings or play in a quartet also want the things that cube-dwellers do. Our groceries cost the same, our gas just as overpriced.
6. Cat foot soft but he ah scratch bad. Some people may seem friendly and understanding but to your surprise it is not really so.
….and so on. When I felt the need to start fact-checking the authors research, it spoilt my enjoyment of the book.
But is the commander-in- chief saying no one would be spared except himself? At the core of this horrendous heist is the violation of budget management for which the President carries the responsibility. Any President who says he is not aware of the theft of N3trillion Naira for an item for which only N245 Billion was budgeted is not fit to hold office. That the President presented a supplementary budget in May, 2011 without asking for more money on subsidy is clear evidence that he cannot say he was not in the know of over 1100% fiscal roguery on the budgeted sum and this is a clear breach of his oath of office. In this regard, we agree with the House recommendation of the need for the criminalisation of budget overspend but we demand that it should not be in the future but to start now with this subsidy scam. The constitution is clear on this breach.
1) Win the America's Cup
Then, using the Birthday Bash Cricut cartridge, cut the embellishments to decorate the frame. For example, I cut a Birthday Dog in a funky color and added glitter to give some bling.
In the coming days, you will hear many asking whether Hillary Clinton’s bid for the White House fell short because of sexism. And there will be that related question, “is Obama sexist?”
Carl and Sarah should feel good about all the great memories they've provided to Easthampton over the past twelve years. The idea of Sunrise not being around does feel weird, but I admire them for what had to be a very difficult decision. Life only moves forward, and I wish them the best of luck with whatever new lifestyle they choose, whether it be Hawaii, Florence, or a small culinary college in Vermont. Thanks for the impact you've had on my life and the many in town who will miss your talent for creating great sweets. May the road ahead be everything you hope for and more.
What’s Next?
But first, a little background. A woman named Heather, the mom of one of Margaret's friends, attended Jack's funeral along with more than 1600 other people. In the front of the church, on the communion table, sat a photo of Jack. Next to the photo was Jack's Yankees hat. Heather didn't know Jack, but she did know a Yankee, and she wondered if he could bring a little comfort to our hurting family. On her next business trip to see one of her business associates, the Yankee, she asked if he could sign a ball for us.
The Cat crawled under a bush and into a burrow. One-by-one the Moth and her posse followed.
Kalakalappu
Perhaps, there are too many people who cling to a faulty and unsafe philosophy to point fingers to any one set of people. Could it be that there are so many problems involved in the system that there is no good solution? This is why we at The Special Gathering, a ministry within the mentally challenged community, must advocate for the community we serve. Richard Stimson, the Executive Director of Special Gathering, has said, “A shepherd protects his sheep. Therefore, advocacy must be a part of pastoral care.”
The next course by Chef David Bull from Congress was Salmon Belly, Sunchoke, Sunflower Sprouts and Seeds with a brown butter dijonnaise. The salmon belly was ever slightly crisp on the outside and incredibly juicy with salmon flavor on the inside. That is some of the juiciest and most flavorful salmon I've had.
I’d like to see more public buildings on the high street. Council activity should not be in rarefied big blocks like the town hall. People should be able to engage with it very directly and we don’t need big buildings to do that anymore.
Today was one of those inexplicable days when I felt discouraged over little things - even nothing.
Similasan Homeopathic Nasal Mist is available at Walgreens and other major online retailers as well. I found it at my favorite health food store, there was only one bottle left on the shelf the last time I was there, so I guess I'm not the only one that likes it!!
If you want to share your ideas before the event particularly if you have roles for mums, please email kateonthinice@gmail.com
Let’s try to do some editing and cropping. Rural landscape – taken while in the train on the way to Paris. This is the original.
Humorous? Ironic.
Foster Wheeler AG – Key Competitors 16
There was about a five-year run where I’d have been at the Richmond International Raceway at this very moment. Now, as International Raceways are concerned, Richmond doesn’t seem like that fantastic a place. First of all, it’s tiny. The whole thing is short enough around that I could STILL run around it without having to take a break (0.8 miles-ish). It’s not particularly new like the track here in Kentucky or ones in Kansas City and Chicago. Even among the shorter NASCAR tracks, it doesn’t even have the cachet of a Bristol or Martinsville, but it’s a fantastic place to watch a race. You can see everything without working hard, the cars run close and with more speed than at a lot of tracks and even in the age of the atrocious Car of Tomorrow, cars can seem to pass each other there. In the fall, it’s also the home of the last race before the NASCAR Chase for the Championship, so it ends up hosting one of the most interesting races of the year.
11. Rick Bass "The Ninemile Wolves"
Oh and I fancy a rant. The picture has my new stylish way of necking 30p a bottle Beck’s, but what is with the label? The whole box had bizarre labels. Wolves howling at the moon, references to music, and on this one a declaration to love music and hate racism. Now I would agree the two go together. The BNP lot do like there Wagner, displaying not only racism but an obvious dislike of music. But do I need this on a beer bottle? Why? What is the point? Has it changed me? No, not one bit. I wasn’t a racist before my bottle of cheap lout and I’m not one now. Is this a badge to proclaim my right on opinions, or a reminder to the German’s that make it not to start rebuilding gas chambers, or a view that the cooking lager aficionado’s of this world need to be to be reminded to be decent members of society? I have a horrible feeling this nonsense has cost me about a penny on my bottle of lout and am unimpressed.
January 28, 2012
Liam has his own reasons for fleeing to the isolation of the north, and a relationship is the last thing he wants. He wasn't counting on being drawn to the pretty nurse who accompanies patients on his flights to southern hospitals.
Enlarge that picture of those flosses above.
That’s how Samplify CTO and founder Al Wegener opened last week’s presentation to the Santa Clara Chapter of the IEEE Computer Society. Wegener’s company specializes in data compression, which happens to be a way to get more bandwidth out of your existing memory and memory interfaces. But before he cranked up his memory-compression sales pitch, Wegener covered a lot of useful ground that every SoC designer needs to know.
As we grew up, our lives paralleled in many ways. The major one was that we both rededicated our lives to the Lord in 1998. At a time where none of my other friends understood the new rebirth and the passionate love for Jesus that you feel as a new Born Again Christian, Abigail understood. We shared that with each other along with marriage and children.
I'm told I will need to brace myself for the shenanigans from Verizon at the other end. But until then, thank you Orange for reminding me why living in France, while not always easy, is certainly a growth experience.
I am the person who wakes up, groans internally when I see the clock, closes my eyes for 'a few more minutes' and falls right back to sleep because the bed is so warm and soft. Groans again when I next open my eyes and see how much time has actually passed, and scrambles to get ready. I spend entirely too much time sifting through clothes, hoping to find clean matching socks for the kids and pants that fit. Because, my other confession, I hate doing laundry. The clean clothes just pile up, begging me to sort, fold, and put them away. If only I would do that. It would probably help with my morning routine.
Somewhat shaken and embarrassed about what I was putting H. through, I kept researching more how-to’s and after three weeks of varied results, I had a smiling partner across the table and a contented cat under the table.
Salad or Soup? If it’s a great salad, salad, but if we’re talking your average salad and your average soup, soup. I particularly like tomato soup on rainy days like today.
DEER LODGE, Montana – A Canadian on death row in Montana for killing two men said he is “horrendously sorry” Wednesday, but the passage of time appeared only to have steeled the resolve of the victims’ families to show him no mercy.
On June 1, 2011 Washington, DC's Channel 4 (WRC-TV, NBC) aired a report titled "Trinidad: Real Estate Hot Spot?" The report was a "positive" story on Trinidad real estate and gentrification. Unfortunately, I believe the coverage was inaccurate based on its racial depiction of both new- and long-time Trinidad residents.
John 6:35 (NIV)
We just really believe in what U2rblessed represents, and wanted to shine a light on that good:)...
And the violets are dead,
WSC Matches- 14, Runs- 1281, Avg- 55.69, 100s- 4, High- 177
Licking skull eye sockets
I was sucking red wine out of the bottle at 10:30 on Mother's Day morning....I"ll save the full story for another day.
The delicious ridge gourd mint chutney is ready to serve!!
C. She has the most amazing 1997 flip phone.
– Very well, I’ll do it myself then. Off you trot, and be discrete about it, for heaven’s sake.
This isn’t just about business: it’s about a way of life. Listening to people shows them that you not only value their opinion, but you value them as a person. I find I struggle with this myself: thinking about my response to their comment when I should be listening to what they have to say. We must make listening a part of our life’s calling. It’s essential to our spiritual lives as well. Consider the words in James:
read my feeds, but that isn't happening either. I'm feeling a bit
Let’s make a date to get together, and we can spend some time talking, and checking out the guys together as they pass by…
think about the love u once had
I am so humbled and grateful for the opportunity of helping people through my experience in life.
“Crystals of barium chloride containing radium are colorless, but when the proportion of radium becomes greater, they have a yellow color after some hours, verging on orange, and sometimes a beautiful pink.”
With Daisy, I started out waving the flag on both sides of her. I would wave for a bit and she would circle around me or away from me; once she stood still and wouldn't move I'd stop waving and put the flag behind me and rub her for a bit. Then I'd start again, and then move to her other side, and then slowly touch it to her until she didn't move away, and finally moved to putting it on her. I gave her breaks (releasing pressure) throughout. It worked so well! It makes so much sense, but I've never really thought of it in that way.
they are not my favourite books
I do hope you love today's collection of lovelies from our fabulous Flickr group 'making everyday beautiful'? I have had some of these in my favourites for a wee while now and really wanted to put together delft blue inspired collection. Such a classic and I love the mix of traditional, salvaged and new here... even though they're not really true delftware!
St: How's your visit with the kids going?
(BD 22nd); 2000 Camelot Knight (15th); 2001 Beau (UR 20th), Spanish Main (Fell 1st); 2002 BINDAREE (WON), Frantic Tan (UR 5th), Beau (UR 14th);
it's to bad it can't look as nice as the official images, but it could be worse, I guess.
In the image above - From top to bottom:
* Cool on pan 5 minutes, transfer onto wire rack to cool.
Some people say, oh, nuts.
So I made this ultimate "stomach comfort" dish that can sooth your soul as well --- with cream sauce that you will love!!!
As an inspirational speaker and business coach I get the wonderful opportunity to work and interact with many entrepreneurs and small business owners across the country. I am energized as I connect with people who are pursuing their dreams of personal economic empowerment. Even if their business is not where they desire it to be when we initially meet, hope gleams in their eyes and they have the expectation of a bright future.
“The best way I can describe them is zombies.” Ann shrunk back. “No, they’re not eating anyone’s flesh or anything. They’re just annoying. They’ll follow you forever, no matter where you go. They’re just looking for life. Like moths to a lightbulb. That’s how they see you, and they’ll pester you eternally. They’ll drive you mad. Just as they’ve been driven mad.”
PLG #26 Create a card, scrapbook page, 3D item, knit, crochet, anything you are inspired to make by the photo at the top of this post. All we ask is that you have FUN with it! Link your project up by 8pm PST using Mr. Linky below by Wednesday, April 11th. Please link directly to your blog entry. If you are posting on SplitCoast or another website use the keyword PLG#26.
My mother-in-law typically makes these kinds of dhal with greens or vegetables almost every week for breakfast. Our favorites are the ones with greens or ridge gourd and she serves this as a side dish for idlis and dosas rather than rice. These kinds of dhals go well with rice and chapathis too. Her preparation is also a very simple one, kind of one-pot dish using a pressure pan. Dhal with banana blossoms was very new and interesting to me, so I decided to take a couple of quick pictures just before we had our breakfast. These shots were taken at the table with my baby girl sitting on a feeding chair from across the table and looking intently to see what was I doing and taking a peep at the dishes and plates on the table.
A Christmas Wedding (Not for Children) ... Lifetime ... 2 PM
(Photos: Archbishop Bernard Longley leading the procession in 2010; Solemn Mass in Blackfriars on the same occasion.)
Who is gone into heaven, and is on the right hand of God; angels and authorities and powers being made subject unto him. 1 Peter 3:22 (KJV)
Martin Schaefer, spokesman for the German consulate, said: “The corpse is being flown to his (Gemballa’s) home. We have offered our consular services in terms of issuing official documents for customs and the like.”
Later in the story, Brokaw touches on a topic that would make any journalist or educator happy, the importance of writing:
Trouble
Friday the 13th (2009)- REBOOT ACHIEVED
Along the road today we saw eagles, horses, lots of abandoned dead cars and even one crashed up caravan. I think we hit a poor little finch but dodged a number of lizards. We met a lovely guy called Frank who is also a biker. He rides up to 1000kms a day and is on his way home to Darwin. We have mostly kept to ourselves on this trip, but occasionally you meet someone on the way and you start talking. Turns out Frank is also a trumpet player and, like Jeremy, has played in many brass bands and other ensembles. He very kindly gave us his petrol can complete with bungies so we don't run out of fuel on our way back through Coober Pedy. We met up with him again this evening at Erldunda and had dinner together. The photo at the picnic table is of Jeremy and Frank and our lovely gift of the red petrol can!
A few years ago, before I knew better, I got into an argument with someone over something that they’d taught publicly in a church setting. In the height of their exhortation and teaching, they exclaimed, “you got to go through it yourself to learn it!” Whew! While everyone else was “Amen”-ing and clapping, I sat in silence on that one statement. While there were many, many valid practical things the minister shared that night, that one thing caught my attention and consumed all of my focus for the rest of the weekend. Is it a reality that the only way that I can learn in life is that I have to experience the test myself? Can I learn from the mistakes of others? What about watching someone else fall in a ditch and not repeating that same mistake? What does the Bible have to say about all of this? Is life’s best teacher our own experiences?
So lately I have been hanging out with my friends for a change and not being totally and completely secluded and to myself. I like it! I didn’t realize how much I have missed my friends and how much I have missed being apart of their lives. I feel like I have missed so much. I feel kind of guilty and a little selfish for it.
Director : Nelson McCormick
I never met Andrew Breitbart, and to be honest I didn’t really visit his websites very often. But he was a spirit that I connected with, in a way. As a resident of the Brentwood district of Los Angeles, Andrew Breitbart was surrounded by liberalism all his life. Yet he fought through it to find the light of traditional values and conservative beliefs, and then he promoted his beliefs relentlessly – sometimes to a fault. He was accused of being over-the-top and extremely partisan, even though his values align with the majority of Americans, and he and his associates unearthed some very important information that the traditional media types wanted nothing to do with.
And if I was about to lose everything, if all hope was indeed lost, could I come up with a way to kill myself that would be relatively painless, but that would also do the job? I didn’t want to wind up a jibbering vegetable in some state nut ward somewhere.
While researching the symbols for this mornings dream I came upon this lovely little find. The article explains the ancient goddess myths surrounding easter time.
and there will be 2 winners , one Memory box die each!
But I felt distracted, and the feeling lingered for several hours thereafter. There are some things that I want to express, but words seem to fail me—for the first time since I can remember. And I have discovered that people do not always want to listen to what others have to say.
If I may make a suggestion or two:
This loft was a great project with a lot of interesting challenges. This townhouse had a 2 story vaulted ceiling above the living room, dining room and kitchen and was designed in such a way that a loft would fit nicely above the dining room dividing wall. By installing the loft with a lot of natural cherry trim it really warmed up the space, gave the dining room a much better sense of scale and sophistication and added ~150 square feet to a modest size townhouse.
Why 5 November? This date has been chosen as it was officially the day that Russell Hoban completed the novel in 1979. It's also Guy Fawkes Night (aka Bonfire Night), on which British people commemorate the failure of the Gunpowder Plot to destroy Parliament in 1605. In Riddley Walker the characters' quest for the "clevverness" leads to the rediscovery of gunpowder, with explosive results for some of them. (Don't try this at home.)
Now then, I want to beat around the bush (or should that be Whomping Willow?), I really really do… but I won’t, because there’s absolutely no denying it – this is an experience that any Harry Potter fan is going to find amazing, be they adult or child, die-hard or casual. There truly is something for everyone at The Making of Harry Potter. Right from when you first step into the studio foyer and are greeted with photos on the walls above of the principal cast members from across the years, as well as the infamous flying Ford Anglia hanging from the ceiling (complete with blinking indicator light), you know this is going to be something special.
A note on the yarn, Ella Rae Classic Solids: I really enjoyed working with this yarn, I actually vastly prefer it to Cascade 220. It had a great feel and texture to it, it was processed very well.
At 5pm when the museum closed, my car full of people headed back home, and CPT's car full of people headed to the commissary to get stuff for a cookout. I came home to blog, and he's still at the commissary. We're having a cookout tonight. Yummy!
APEX was founded in 1992 and today serves more than 200 youth from almost 50 public schools, and provides over 6,000 hours of volunteer service a year within New York City’s five boroughs. The youth can participate in a variety of after-school programs that build academic skills to help them overcome achievement gaps, engage them in a larger community, and instill a lifelong commitment to volunteerism and service. These programs address a population that is often assumed to be well positioned for success. However, one in four Asian American youths live in poverty, one out of three do not graduate high school on time or graduate at all, and 65 percent in high-need areas are not college or career-ready upon graduation. Despite these statistics, only one percent of New York City’s social service budget and foundation grants to New York charities go toward organizations focused on Asian American communities. APEX’s programs fill the void of the underserved in this community and young people who complete its programs have a 99% college attendance rate. After 20 years, APEX’s youth alumni number in the thousands..
carrots;
Leaders from each company recently traveled to Perth, Australia to meet with Martin Dougiamas, founder of Moodle and Managing Director of Moodle Pty Ltd, and present their plans. The meeting included Blackboard CEO Michael Chasen and Chief Technology Officer Ray Henderson, Moodlerooms CEO Lou Pugliese and Chief Architect Tom Murdock, and NetSpot Managing Director Allan Christie.
While talking to Tracey, it suddenly donned on me that if Logan did require medical attention,
Council of the 12 Apostles
Stand Out Dream Sequence: Mike is sleeping on his bed, slowly, the camera pans back and we see Mikes bed is actually in the middle of a dark forest. Behind the bed, the mysterious ‘Tall Man’ watches over Mike as he sleeps. Suddenly, without a warning two zombies come out of the ground and grab Mike as he screams uncontrollably!
Instead of slapping 'Mary-Sue' in your review and leaving it at that, make a list of four or five traits or decisions or actions that you think were bad, or unrealistic, or obnoxious, about the character. Perhaps you should discuss those points, and why they bothered you, in the review instead.
He carried her to the shower and they washed each other silently, sweetly, his soapy, kneading hands on her welted flesh a lovely sting that made her smile in the deepest contentment. She lay in her bed where he tucked her after the shower, licking at the last sweet kiss he placed on her lips before leaving. She giggled quietly as sleep claimed her, the last thought through her mind …. And this little piggy stayed home.
“And he’s kind of skinny, too,” she interrupts. “O.k. Not so much skinny but less bulky, you know? Not in a bad way, though. I like a change from the thick manufactured muscle of the male student body.”
Thin both containers of icing with water until they reach the consistency of syrup, cover with a damp dishtowel and let sit several minutes.
At the end of the meal Jesus took a cup of wine, blessed it or gave thanks over it (or both) and transformed the staple beverage of the day into a means of grace and union. In many parts of the Middle East in 1st century, water was not always clean enough or safe enough to drink. Milk didn’t keep. Juices had to be fresh-squeezed or fermented or distilled. Much of what we call “wine” in the Bible is much more accurately “brandy.” Distilling killed bacteria and made spirits of the non-spiritual kind hugely popular. For fishermen, tradesmen and tax collectors wine drinking was likely as much sport as thirst-quenching. Wine was consumed morning, noon, afternoon, suppertime, evening and in between where appropriate. For Jesus to say “as often as you drink it, remember me” is incredible. For anyone who ate and drank (i.e., everyone!) they would have their memories jogged a dozen times a day — I remember Jesus.
At the doorway, Kathy glanced back quickly before she followed Roy out.
there. Slightly inebriated with a piano tinkling in the background this was the ultimate in bars. I decided to order a Bloody Mary to compare with Brown’s which I had anticipated to be more or less the same. Unfortunately it wasn’t. It was lacking in spice and thickness not helped by an enormous block of ice in the drink.
When I was still a senior in high school, I had a few friends who were army wives and who lived in base housing. One evening, I went to see my friend Paula, but she was not yet home. I decided to sit in the backyard and wait for her, as I knew she would be there shortly. It was a nice summer evening so I sat, in my skirt, in the grass. I had been there for about 15 minutes and I had an itch right on the inside of my right butt cheek. I tried to ignore it, but it got worse and worse with each passing minute. Finally, I reached behind, under my skirt, and just as I began to scratch that insistent itch, I thought to myself, “It will be just my luck if Paula comes around that corner and sees me scratching my butt under my skirt…” and, of course, at exactly that moment, she did walk right up behind me and asked how I was. I jumped nearly a foot off the ground as I quickly, with the reddest face, removed my hand and stood up! If that wasn’t bad enough, I now had to follow her inside and visit for a while before I could escape and allow my very bruised ego and deflated self-esteem to heal. She never mentioned it, but every time I saw her after that day, I had this mental picture and my face would once again turn red.
Praying that this Lenten season brings you closer to God.
Lanny’s Alta Cocina Mexicana
I hid the pruners behind my back and waited until birdsong distracted her, quickly cutting the branches that hung over the grass. Brave behind sharp blades, I cut deeper, thick branches and twiggy undergrowth falling round my feet. Embarrassed by our intimacy, I stepped back and gasped. Where once stood a dignified beauty, a tawdry hoochie now glared back. Bony ankles and long thin legs soared past the flowing skirts of her neighbors, their eyes averted, their tongues wagging. A flowing shawl of dark green framed a flat stomach and bare chest. She stood like a flamenco dancer, brazen and beautiful. Her layers of leaves lay thrown against the grass, see-through lingerie replacing the girdle and sensible shoes.
Clearly, one disadvantage we mammals have when comparing our noggins with birds and fishes are those conspicuous ear flaps screwing up the headscape, about as attractive as dried apricots. If your a fan of clean, aerodynamic lines it is a deal breaker. Many times I have seen humans try to hide their ears by sweeping their hair back over them as if an Irish setter were sitting on their head with those furry hind legs pressed to each side. Even earring displays as flashy as the Hanging Gardens of Babylon don't hide the essential truth.
My Scottish mate Andy during his stay in Aussieland thought this was a bit of a wank - he said when he was working at a backpacker pub in the northern Queensland city of Cairns he used to "turn the bloody thing upside down" for a bit just before serving to achieve the same affect.
1 conjecture
Fuck the closer Video, I need to code more.
As usual, the sign up form (below) will be available for one week - so get signing! Also, please take a minute to re-read our Rules and Information section.
A Discouraged Foootball Player
HA! NOT!!!
* Experience with project management
I do not have the stress of deadlines or commitments to meetings or anything else in life that needs something from me. And I like it! But inside there is a voice that whispers "But is this OK?"
If Robert Fisk Is Speaking Openly of Muslim Racism, Can We Now Talk About The Problem? Joltin’ Joe Biden says Israel has the right to strike Iran Moody’s downgrades Israel’s outlook Overnight music video The PalArab prisoner cause jumps the shark There’s just one little condition… <U+0421> <U+0414><U+043D><U+0435><U+043C> <U+041F><U+043E><U+0431><U+0435><U+0434><U+044B>! by IDFrussiandesk It’s official: Russia’s not supplying Iran with the S-300 <U+0414><U+0435><U+043D><U+044C> <U+041F><U+043E><U+0431><U+0435><U+0434><U+044B> <U+043D><U+0430> <U+0438><U+0432><U+0440><U+0438><U+0442><U+0435> <U+0438> <U+0440><U+0443><U+0441><U+0441><U+043A><U+043E><U+043C> (<U+0434><U+043B><U+044F> <U+041D><U+0422><U+0412>) by sorryblin
I FINALLY finished the lawn and tried to head inside and he kept insisting I stay out and hang out with him. I managed to get away, but seriously. He sucks. I'm so ready for him to move out (crossing fingers he really leaves at the end of December).
And the heels of my shoes, perhaps a
Hours per week :Full-time
If Blair cannot back up his claims he himself should be charged with obstruction of justice and criminal breach of trust. A Chief of Police cannot just make up stuff and get away with it.
Both psychologically and physically, the camp has done a lot of damage to those who found themselves imprisoned there.
And one more piece of advice...if you're a student of film but not an artist; and you absolutely don't want to try to draw your way through a scene, try watching the clip without sound. this will allow you to focus on the visuals and concentrate on the cutting and staging without the distraction of the audio.
The obvious answer is to build more houses, but the planning system is rigged against this. There is a housing development going up where I work. The development consists of affordable flats in a middle class surburban area. The middle class suburbanites have opposed the development at every stage. Among the reasons they give is that the development will create an overdemand for local schools. Many homeowners don’t care about poor people having somewhere to live. They don’t want working class children in their schools.
My creative life has been under seige by a mountain of not-so-creative activities - house cleaning, upheaving the entire upstairs for new carpet (see photo below- who knew new carpet would be so disruptive or so much messier than I thought), finishing wedding invitations (less creative than you might imagine), and of course work.
Though studying old brains is not without challenges, the tissue is free from modern psychiatric drugs, and is, in the words of John Allman, a professor of biology at the California Institute of Technology, "an untapped resource."
12. No Good Muthafuckers
The tables below show subsidy payments in the five years preceding 2011:
Every song must end.
I figure $2-3 dollars per article isn’t bad at all due to the networks that allows writers to make money for publishing articles on there network for pennies. Not only are you helping yourself out you are creating a little income for someone else who is looking to make a few bucks online also. For those who work at home and make money online with automated blogs is a dream come true for many that follows the steps from what I have been explaining to you so far, it can be done.
03. Down By The River
“Well Maharaja, I feel like I am inside. It’s what makes
talents are you may find out through this exercise, and these lessons,
Fast forward a few years and with the Storm on the verge of new era of dominance the rival coaches, through their friends in the media, launched a series of attacks on the fact that the Storm were becoming too dominant in the ruck through the use of wrestling tactics. The fact that these were within the rules and nobody else was doing it half as well had nothing to do with their angst. Not. So the ‘Grapple Tackle’ controversy was born and while the league and its judiciary did nothing to stop the trend, the attacks on the team continued.
*Note, I add this two herbs if I am using Factory pre packed BKT spices.
The last major case of asylum was Fang Lizhi, who sought asylum in the US Embassy in Beijing for one year. It exacerbated the rift in bilateral relations, which had followed the 6.4 Tiananmen Crisis. No such crisis in bilateral relations exist today. However, Beijing’s elites are extremely concerned about any hint of internal instability following the Bo Xilai incident and the upcoming 18th Party Congress. It is possible that a more conservative elite faction might exploit this bilateral dispute into a full-scale conflict to promote a particular anti-US position. Or Wen Jiabao will respond to Cheng Guangcheng’s request to investigate the corrupt practices of the Linyi cadre and resolve the issue quietly. Probably, both will happen.
I got to welcome a few more lovely followers to my ranks in various guises (Facebook and Twitter among others) so big smoochie hello's to you if you are new around here! A very very big thanks to Rebecca's endless support firstly, for the lovely post at Florence Finds featuring my lil' abode - I received so many genuinely kind comments that I was afraid I might have to hire a trailer to tow my head back home from work for fear it wouldn't fit in my Mini.
Happy birthday to the little boy who loves to wrestle, who would play baseball all day if you let him, who has a tender heart and had yet to realize his size and strength. To the boy who won't say a word in public but might be the worlds loudest child at home...to the boy who loves Rocky, milk, Chinese food, being outside, his "lambie", the number 3 and the color white.
39. Nightrain -- Guns N' Roses
-i love playing dirty santa.
-Brock uses the chain to tie Cena’s legs.
and overcoming heartache.
So far, the DA’s office has done this by demonising DSK in a manner guaranteed to wind up any juror buying into the pc world inhabited by Joan Illuzzi-Orbon – probably an inbuilt majority. Brafman’s team is playing the same game with the letter about media manipulation – but also laying great stress on demolishing the Muslim Mother Theresa persona Vance’s department wants for Nafissatou Diallo. Thus, the defence has hired investigators from the firm Guidepost Solutions to look into the woman’s background, and examine any weaknesses in her account. Guidepost Solutions’ directors include a former head of the criminal division at the New York prosecutor’s office, a former head of security at IT giant IBM and a former federal prosecutor who has worked closely with the US Secret Service. So expect some potential hacking scandals along the way.
Now I'm trying the South Beach diet. I'm also going to the gym regularly, where I see a personal trainer - and it's doing great things in all the ways that going to the gym are supposed to - but what I really want to talk about is the diet.
Brief Synopsis: The International Space Corps are on the trail of a buch of Argonite Pirates.
I can’t shrink or cower
It was a great visit and we were so glad they were able to come. We are hoping we can plan a trip sometime next year to go visit them. It was hard to go 8 months w/o seeing them, so to consider it will likely be over a year before we get to go see them again, is kind of hard. Thank God for Skype though!!
A picture, in this case, is worth a whole lot less than a thousand words, because the picture is a video, and a video can be edited so that the aggressor appears like the innocent victim.
One good way to shift those feelings and get yourself back to a place where you can begin to work on the actual actions you need to take to change something in your life, is by getting physical. Call it exercise, call it movement . . . (More)
Of course this technique won't work with most stories, but the idea is not to stick a bomb in every character's pocket, it's to add tension in a way that fits with your story.
At a distance you might have mistaken him for an electrician or a sewer-expert coming into view through one of those round holes in the sidewalk by which access is provided to the subterranean apparatus of cities. But, drawing nearer, you perceived that he was but half a man, who stood upon the six-inch stubs of what had once been a pair of legs. But what nature could do for what was left of him nature had done. He had the neck, the arms, and the torso of a Hercules. His coat, black, threadbare, shining, and unpleasantly spotted, seemed on the point of giving way here and there to a system of restless and enormous muscles. But that these should serve no better purpose than ceaselessly to turn the handle of an unusually diminutive and tuneless street-organ might have roused in the observer's mind doubts as to the wisdom and vigilance of that divine providence which is so much better understood and trusted by the healthy and fortunate than by the wretched, the maimed, and the diseased.Barbara's sometimes-love interest has firsthand experience with Blizzard, as does Bubbles, the charity-case orphan that she employs, but their warnings go unheeded. She is willing to make sacrifices for her art, and indeed develops a strange friendship with the repugnant fellow. Perhaps even a twisted attraction to him. Even her father, a reknowned surgeon, can't keep her away, and he has a dirty little secret all his own.
In under twenty-four hours, the outpouring of emotion has already reached Diana-levels; obligatory televised shots of grief-stricken, tear-stained faces. Commentators across every available medium dissecting and unraveling, dismembering and scrutinizing every tiny detail of a life less private, trying (and failing) to simplify a life that bred new meaning to the word complicated.
And oh, that my Savior were your Savior too.
Be sure to check out a new digital thought leader as they’re revealed each day starting later
do not concern me
Very few agencies actually bother with this - they're only interested in picking people up, not with keeping them. They are all R Kelly and no Clare Rayner.
But having said that, if you have it tuned in today just after noon central, Tea Party Express supporter and sometimes TPX team member Kevin Jackson, author and spokesman for the National Association for the Advancement of Conservative People of Color will be on with Megyn Kelly on Fox News to talk about the slander against the tea party from the Congressional Black Caucus.
I still haven't decided what I'm wearing out tonight so let's just hope the nail varnish goes!!!
This is what vaccines have become in America today: A military agenda against the People. And the IoM sits at the hub of influence for this diabolical command center. This is all explained in more detail in the rest of this story, as well as in upcoming stories about the IoM slated for publication here on NaturalNews.
This is what I've observed my timeline, there was the story of the girl hopping out of a car to slash another girl on Franklin near Lincoln Pl. There was the shooter who fired from a roof top on Franklin near Union in the middle of the day as high schools let out a few weeks ago there were several local robberies I heard about through word of mouth more recently, and then I was mugged and just a few days ago a man shot five times on Franklin and Lincoln.
Momma won't be missing another weekend of sales, will you??
I would have never sought to not only make my sermons cogent, intelligent and convincing, but beautiful, if not for the sermons and prayers of my grandfather and Reverend Nant Nan. Never would I come to value the power of turning frank, honest, and mundane stories of daily life into spirit-filled stories of God as found in the writing of Frederick Buechner and Anne Lamott if not for Max Blalock and Mary Bendall, who introduced me to these now great friends through their own preaching. From Deb Welsh I’ve seen in action the grace delivered with a well-told story. There’s a great chance that I’d never know the power and grace of a well-timed and well-placed pop culture reference if not for Matt Smith. Bishop Will Willimon teaches me the value of comedic timing in preaching. And perhaps most importantly, from my mother comes the always-echoing refrain of, “Tell them about Jesus, Johnny.”
The "storm of the century" ended up being a lot less of a "thing" than anticipated (luckily!). It got really dark and broody around 4pm and then the already-insane winds picked up, the rain rolled in and the hail started falling. We just woke Toby up from his nap and were about to make a break for the basement (the entrance is outside) but then all of a sudden the clouds parted and all was well again. Hopefully everyone stayed safe!
Dave looks up at me and pushes his mad curls from out of his eyes.
JANUARY 1985
Even the ministers on the stage were gripped by the spiritual intensity of the conference. Worship artist Matt Maher told me, “This was my first Promise Keepers meeting ever, but it won’t be my last.”
The threat of war with the Speicans is a constant threat, and one that grows more frightening as she and Caelan train toward their eventual knighthood. Aislinn has committed herself to serving Arnhem, and has promised herself as King's Champion when Caelan claims the throne. She is willing to give up everything... her childhood, her life, even her heart for Arnhem. No matter the pain it brings.
The same with these cover letters. If my writing is as interesting as an old boot, an amazing and professional cover letter (maybe I even pay someone to write it for me!) , respecting all the rules, would help me break through? If my writing is brilliant, nobody will read it because it’s not accompanied by a sophisticated cover letter? My silly story would have more chances to be read than my genius story, only because of the… cover letter? That’s crazy.
Had been going out 1-2 times weekly to various restaurants and buffets
He urged the people to lend their support to the idea adding that such an organisation would need all kinds of resources including a team of very focused people with the ability to work with other organisations that are sympathetic to the objectives of DayMove.
I’ve been really good this year. I watched every meet that was available on television – indoor, elite, college and high school. I watched a ton of meets online (thanks for increasing the free feeds this year). I supported my local high school team, and I got finish line seats at every meet I went to. And I made sure to watch and cheer for every event at every meet – track and field.
Jinja was the cat who found all this of least interest. One of the reasons was probably that she's the smallest and thus have the shortest legs. So she got behind already when the kittens had crossed the road. She was also a little hesitant about this new territory. In the pic she's the little black dot to the left, feeling very lonely as the boys run up the hill, leaving her behind.
Oh, and stay tuned for Make It Crafty Christmas release hop tomorrow - you're gonna be wiped off your feel with the amount of pure talent out team sports!!
Keep DVDs, CDs, and jewellry off of the dressers. Keep one or two books on each bed stand and put the others away in a book shelf.
Now for this weeks challenge! You may have noticed that it's the first saturday of the month which means it's another CASE It challenge! This week we have this super cute card from Debby!
MR: Tell us about your lyrics.
Moon Knight #11
Well I thought ya know I really want help learning how to process my pictures better so I signed up for a class thru BIG PICTURE CLASSES. I saved up for a class titled PHOTO FINISH by Elisha Snow.
Firstly, I'm going to let you know why I've been absent: It's because I've been exceptionally tired. And not for the reasons you may think.
I can understand the native peoples of Columbia eating them, because maybe they do not have nice food. And Columbia is a big jungle, and many people are poor, and jungles have lots and lots of bugs. But it is not right for them to dip them in chocolate, and sell them at Harrods. That is what happens when you let camel jockeys buy your department stores.
Blending is quite easy. Apply the lighter color, then the darker color on top, then either blend in the separation of the two colors with the lighter color again, or use the middle color.
This was a genius suggestion because I know my husband and his family- they aren't real trivia freaks. However- my sister -in -law and my brother- in -law and I are all readers and we remember stuff. Plus we had the advantage of all coming from different backgrounds so we had a different set of info and customs coming into the game.
It's really simple. If you write it and publish it, great. If you copy it and repurpose it, say so. It's not rocket science, it's called manners.
Gently whisk ½ cup of the cream into the powdered sugar mixture, holding back the last 2 tablespoons see if you need it. If the mixture is dry and not coming together as a glaze, add more cream. Whisk the mixture well, until you have a shiny, thick liquid.
And this is just one more milestone - granted, it's a big one. The biggest yet. But it's only of small relief to pass it, because we are still four weeks (as of today) from viability. We need more time yet, and I feel wild for it to be here already. The thoughts swirl darkly in the back of my mind that we will pass this weekend - after all, why shouldn't we? - and get to 21 or 22 or 23 weeks only to have something go wrong before that salvation of a day at 24 weeks. And won't that taste be bitter in my mouth?
Once I saw that configuration, I loved it! Oh, it looks so neat and orderly! I decided that the two drawers in the back left would hold a few things that the stack had been holding before anyhow. The top drawer has some plastic bags that our new curtains came in that I plan to reuse for something else and our extra vacuum bags. The bottom drawer has extra light bulbs, a heavy duty extension cord that needs to go out to the garage yet and the casters that were on the bottom of the stack of drawers.
And is smartly corrected: “That’s my bubble wrap.”
complete with festivals similar
But was the topmost leadership of the ANC unaware?
Remember Sundays are YOP updates and Monday there will be an update from stitching. The giveaway on last weeks cloths is still open until Saturday when we shall draw out a lucky name from the hat so you still have time to enter HERE
There were a couple of close calls. Dennis had a shifting problem and I nearly clipped his rear wheel at one point. I know I missed it by less than an inch. The damp roads contributed to another, where my rear wheel locked up as I was braking hard and my front and rear threatened to replace one another. Quick action saved that and still got me stopped. I rely on the rear brakes way too much!
The Santa Clause ... ABC Family ... 8 PM
Create a layout or card using the following ingredients:
Hey ramblers!
Spread the meringue evenly over the cranberry filling, using the back of a spoon to push it out to the edges. Make some cute swirls in the top of the meringue.
You will have snippets on the history of a restaurant, or of its owners, or of some incident during their travels, of fellow eaters, clear statements on what to eat AND what to avoid. You can use the book as a guide. Or, as I story book, as I did.
I handheld the camera pointing it at the windows. The shutter speed was 8 seconds. Jon stood in front of the window for about 3 seconds and then quickly ducked down making a creepy ghost-like figure appear in the window. (We didn't show the kids this picture, btw. We didn't want to be up all night with them. :) )
Lee Stanton is one of Los Angeles' leading arbiters of style and the premier purveyor of fine period antiques to prominent interior decorators and discriminating clients nationwide. For years, his San Juan Capistrano warehouse was a go-to for those in the know on the look out for 17th-19th century antiques. Early morning lines would form hours before doors opened, as news of fresh crates from Europe, spread through out the city.
This oversight didn’t interfere with the over all enjoyment of the story, but I can’t call it perfect, either. I can recommend it as a highly original story, though, and if you are a sci-fi fan I think that you will enjoy this one. Four Gerry Bees.
1 rigorous
Last year I had many passionate students come to my door and ask for support for the scholarship program that was out there- to support that. And I had many passionate university instructors and staff from across the university. And I found it amazing that there was a large disconnect in where the dollars from the state of Alaska comes from on a regular basis as far as the production of oil on the North Slope and how that is turned into revenue for the state of Alaska and in turn is invested in the university system.
Even as I type this, I’m struggling with the desire to say the perfect thing, to ensure that what I’m typing out will be understood. This whole need to be understood could be a character in itself. It could become a scientist who wants to come up with a theory no one can disprove and everyone can celebrate. Or it could be a rebellious teenager who’s fed up with the fact that their parents will never
Believe it or not, I am an optimist. I see the good in most things, I hope for the best, but I'm also not a blind idealist.
“The tragedy of love is not death or separation. How long do you think it would have been before one or other of them ceased to care? Oh, it is dreadfully bitter to look at a woman whom you have loved with all your heart and soul, so that you felt you could not bear to let her out of your sight, and realize that you would not mind if you never saw her again. The tragedy of love is indifference.”
Inspired by – The Hazards of Love by the Decemberists.
On the right, the lesson plans I keep in my head exploded across the page until I ran out of room. Drawing is not my forte, but for some reason I was inspired to sketch a little picture for each time period. I have to say I’m a little proud of the doodles I did of the Colosseum and the boat for the Age of Exploration. Creativity truly does strike in the strangest of places and often asks us to do things we’d normally approach with reluctance. This page reminded me my muse has the best of intentions and it’s up to me to make sure I’m open and ready to follow her wherever she leads. Otherwise, I’ll never know the magic of a creative moment.
The Barclays Premier League has reached its pinnacle, as the top two sides of English Football battle each other this evening for effectively the championship crown.
Me - Hey, that means I get to have Mother's Day an extra 3 times a year.
Mix & Serve.
Art is a mirror, a Francesca Woodman´s photograph
it's educational.
Cigarette burns, coffee stains and paint splatter array--
6. Schooled from the age of five, The Bitch has never, ever allowed anyone to misquote her
DUKE’s set which featured a band and two female back up singers was a breath of fresh air with a completely different genre. His soulful voice and catchy choruses were very upbeat and his energetic stage presence kept us entertained throughout. He often encouraged the audience to participate which made for a very enjoyable performance. DUKE has an official website and Twitter – @DukeOfficialUK
“Does my bum look big in this, GB?” she asked coyly.
“She was so worried about losing her flat and she had to sell the family jewellery to pay for the gas and food and never even told us, it would have broken her heart,” said her mother Elizabeth. “We found our beautiful girl in her bed on March 12.
Judge # 1 -- Black bean chili with almost no spice. Disappointing.
Again, having two brothers, this space is pretty darn important to her.
When I was a college sophomore, Tri and I decided to go up to Boston one weekend to visit his friend (I’ll call her D) and her boyfriend Y. It was one of my first interactions with his friends from Nepal. I was happy to practice my budding Nepali skills with them, and they were unbelievably kind to me.
Whether you run out the door the second you dismiss your kids on the last day before a vacation or you stay and get yourself organized for after the break, you most likely pack yourself a nice, big, Vacation Teacher Bag. You fool yourself into thinking that while you are resting, relaxing and cocktailing, you will also find a few moments to catch up on your correcting, plan that next unit or create a bevy of inspirational math centers. You know, because you can do it from your porch, in your pjs, late at night, early in the morning, from a sidewalk cafe...we teachers are pros at telling ourselves that we can DO IT ALL even though what we should probably be doing is catching up on sleep, crossing our fingers that we don't catch the spring round of flu, going out to eat and watching late night TV.
In romance, the 6 is loyal and devoted. A caretaker type, you’re apt to attract partners who you can care for and protect. The key ingredient that must prevail in your relationships is harmony. You don’t function well in stressful relationships. When this happens, there’s a tendency for you to become dominate and control.
Lonely and cold as the car lay in the ditch,
Over and out
Mostly, I am grateful for washing machines and hot showers. And oh, how grateful I am for Clorox wipes.
I though I should get into the spirit of International Put Your Poem In A Shop Month. Yesterday I paid a visit to the local garden centre. They have some very nice plants with big red leaves on. They were also giving out free coffee and mince pies. Brief, spontaneous and heavily reliant on an ancient TV series but there we go. It's a start...
I love the circle of love and the dainty drops birthstones!
I love to eat. I've never ever hidden that fact. My husband often will point out that I occasionally eat more than him. Can't help it...when mama finds something good, mama wants to eat it all up!!
Anyways, while I was going through my wonderful stash of stamps and dies yesterday, I thought "What could I do with the Egg Dies that has nothing to do with Easter?" ... and with a little pinching here and a stripe-cutting there, look what you can create!!
You see, I don’t want to spend a life wrapped up in trivial pursuits! There really is just a few really important things in life isn’t there, and I hope so much that I've wrote them somewhere within here!
I have found the research phase to be the most important part of the design process. It’s the who, what, when, where, and how. When designing a piece, I feel it must always be first step. I would feel safe saying most designers research before they start on a design.
Third site will be on the back of my right arm and will be removed in two more weeks, when I go in to have the stitches removed from the site on my chest.
Ok that’s all for me today…I leave on Friday for Texas (flying into San Antonio & teaching in Waco)… have a couple of spots open if you’d like to come and have some fun with us! Have a great day!
This is a solitaire scenario I created and played for The Lord of the Rings SBG and my first Small Table Game Day battle.
Millions in Forfeited Bail Uncollected in Texas’ Tarrant County
I could only laugh when reading that …after an hour of using them. Oh god..maybe thats why I am laughing..who is going to move me?
It’s nothing new, you conclude.
I suppose the thing is now made manifest to you my brethren: this great and most concerning secret and mystery (sacramentum). What is the force of charity, all Scripture doth set forth; but I know not whether any where it be more largely set forth than in this Epistle. We pray you and beseech you in the Lord, that both what ye have heard ye will keep in memory, and to that which is yet to be said, until the epistle be finished, will come with earnestness, and with earnestness hear the same. But open ye your heart for the good seed: root out the thorns, that that which we are sowing in you be not choked, but rather that the harvest may grow, and that the Husbandman may rejoice and make ready the barn for you as for grain, not the fire as for the chaff.
B. … no evidence at all.
We each had another close friend and they joined our threesome. We shared lockers together, makeup with each other, traded clothing and spent weekends at each others houses. Lunch at school we had "our table". We sat together. Everyday.
*Incidentally, my parents' first car that I can actually remember was a 1975 Gran Torino. It was white, with leg-burning dark blue vinyl seats. It was also adorned with a "George Brett for President" bumper sticker, distributed during his MVP-winning 1980 season when he hit .390.
Three weeks later I was saved, the next week I received the spirit of the Holy Ghost and spoke in tongues for the first time, later that summer I received the gift of healing and performed a faith healing on my great-grandmother’s chronic headaches, which she swore lasted a whole week. I also participated in casting out my first demon that summer, it was a spirit of man-hating in a young woman in the congregation who had been abandoned by her father, and who later went on to marry one of my cousins. As the summer drew to a close, I became concerned about how I was going to continue ‘walking in the light’ when I returned home. My uncle’s Church didn’t have any affiliates in my area, but he assured me that if I prayed and searched, God would find me a home congregation.
-”We’re going home.”
On a second thought, why does He even have to try?
Here are a few pictures from my pinterest board of my favourites.
The first time St. Pat's snuck up on me was back in two thousand and three. I was sleepily arriving at my day job, I was a web programmer back in those days, and expected another day of coding and testing, nothing more. The lamp posts were still lit in the dim, early morning light and nary could a noise be heard. It was just your average, monotonous, achingly boring Monday. Or so I thought.
With most publishers an advance usually reflects your book’s earning potential the first year it’s on sale, less costs to the publisher. What does that mean? Traditionally when publishers run those elusive numbers they try to figure in how many copies a book will sell it’s first year in print, then they try to figure out how much it’s going to cost them to make that book—design the cover, pay for paper, printing, and shipping costs—and then they will figure out how much you might make on the book based on your royalty percentage. And that’s your advance. It’s your share of the book’s profit its first year in print. Of course the publisher (and you) hopes you far exceed that number and that first royalty statement blows the advance out of the water.
“We expect the same feelings of goodwill from India and certainly India will come up to our expectations,” he added.The current democratic government under the leadership of President Asif Ali Zardari is making efforts to create an environment conducive to peace and brotherhood in the region, he said.
elbow with a knock, patting my back
The thing is, her child, Willow, was born five years ago, and even if she’d known ahead of time about the genetic disorder, she’d never have aborted the child. She’s suing because she wants to secure a better future for Willow, one where they won’t have to struggle to make ends meet paying for Willow’s surgeries and hospital bills because of her breaks and fractures.
Health protection issues are specifically dealt with in Article 2.1 of the IP Chapter. This provision stresses the importance of the Doha Declaration on TRIPS Agreement and Public Health, adopted by the WTO Ministerial Conference in November 2001, which reaffirms flexibility of WTO Member states in relaxing patent protection for better access to essential medicines.
This card was for my hubbys 40th, didn`t quite turn out how I wanted it to look, but hubby had a chuckle and was pleased with it. The image is from bugaboo stamps and I coloured it in using my promarkers and used k&Co papers that were at the bottom of my stash box.
In a small pan, sauté scallions and garlic in 1 Tbsp of olive oil until slightly brown. Remove from heat, drain oil, set aside.
already, but couldn't be more happy to share that she
The company employs about 400 people. Its largest creditors include Haskell Jewels, American Express and FedEx Corp., according to the filing.
However, when these things start to fade, we feel a sense of fear and panic come over us.
So I embrace the desire to create when it creeps back into my bones. The piece above came out of a desire to fill a big wall in my bedroom. This wall is the last thing I see when I go to sleep and the first thing I see every morning. It sat blank for many months and then it just needed to be filled. I looked around for some artwork that caught my eye, but nothing stood out.
After I got home, I cooked John and I some dinner and then I packed up all my Christmas dishes in the Dining Room cupboard and all of John's grandmother's china. That was no small fete let me tell you!
All of a sudden Saul knew this. He was speaking to the living God; the One Who rose from the dead. We know this for he addressed Jesus as Lord. He was now in His hands and it was a fearful thing. He was condemned.
My dad is once again in the hospital, and while his spirits are high, his body appears to be getting tired.
They never fail…They never send your work into oblivion by forgetting to click save, they will never run out of power and will never cause you eye-strain (well, not too much anyway) They are the ultimate hard copy. They are your notebooks made from 99.9% killed trees and.01% love…and fun chemicals, but that’s neither here nor there.
“Ham sandwich or peanut butter?”
Domain: Matching
I had my cell phone in one pocket, my keys in the other and no money on me – but I felt immensely rich.
Before I go any further there is some SUPER exciting news I have been dying to share with you. Pumpkin Spice is going to start selling the Silhouette Cameo! Eeeeee! I have wanted one since before it was even launched!
We are back with a new challenge over at the Paper Shelter, the last one for 2011. How fast has this year passed? It's soon a year since we started our challengs here at the Paper Shelter. So many wonderful creations we have been looking at and such a joy it has been to lead the B team over the last 6 months or so. Such amazing gals we have on both our teams.
I will update the post with final pics with and without cupcakes, I just wanted this to get posted before the big game!
-I am I am...said the Dutchess ...you must know I missed you all ever so much...!
“Yes it is!”
Parallel structure, please. Yes, even normal people maintain parallel structure when talking casually. It just feels more natural that way.
I don't think I could ever get tired of pizza. It's been a staple throughout my college years (is this where the nostalgia sets in..when I talk about food?). I feel I've moved up the ranks in my pizza obsession in these last four years. It started out as it would with any young, naive freshman, ordering late night pizza from the greasiest place in town, Gumby's. There is honestly nothing better than Gumby's "Pokey Stix" at 2am. They're garlicky, greasy and delicious. You can also smell them from a mile away and get an XXL for $10. It was an essential part of making friends. The problem is, you only enjoy Pokey's for the brief time you are actually eating them. Guilt sets in about five minutes later. Then slight nausea.
Lib Dem leader says party’s ineptitude needed ‘as much as ever’ in government.
4.- Japanese Subways are PUNCTUAL. I mean to the minute punctual. As in the lady at the booth told us the subway would arrive at 6:43 and would take exactly an hour to get to our next destination, and that’s exactly what happened. For a mecca city like Tokyo, and with the craziest subway maps we’ve ever seen, it’s completely amazing how they manage to run things like clockwork. I live in Ottawa, and we EXPECT the buses to be at least 5 minutes late or early. After seeing this, I fear I’ll be even angrier when I’m waiting in the rain for a 12 minute late bus lol
Also, I want to make clear that I’m in no way trying to imply that all users of heroin are junkies digging through the garbage — but in a poor, developing country like Vietnam (or the shameful ghettos of the USA) I do feel leaving bags full of used syringes on the side of the street is a very, very bad idea.
“Modernization”
I'm Fernando Ray, and I went out 7 days a week trying to meet people for an entire year during my time at University of Worcester doing my Masters degree. After doing that much hard work socializing and long nights of studying and partying, I got pretty good at basically every aspect of life. But there were strange side effects that I did not expect at all...amazingly positive side effects. Like I became the man who could network and connect with people from every walk of life and immediately start building solid healthy relationships. Not only did I start getting good results in my courses and became good at many areas of my life and got multiple relationships with some of most interesting people around, but I gained massive confidence.
Another example of Tonino Guerra's versatility was the fact that he began writing films that fell firmly in the Italian neo-realist camp, he would go onto write one of Federico Fellini's more stylised and symbolic films, Il Casanova di Federico Fellini. He also wrote in a number of genres, from sword and sandal films (Perseo l'invincibile, released in 1963) to crime (L'assassino) to science fiction (La decima vittima) to comedy (Anonima cocottes, released in 1960). Given the sheer variety of genres in which he worked and how prolific he actually was (IMDB lists 104 films on which he worked in some capacity as a writer), it is even more amazing when one realises that not only did Tonino Guerra produce a number of classics, but most of the movies he wrote were quite good. A bad film written by Tonino Guerra was indeed a rare thing. Versatile, intelligent, and possessed a poet's view on life, Tonino Guerra was a great screenwriter in any language.
Bright blue skies, and chilly! I had my doubts about this morning while I was coming home from work last night, it was still foggy then, but it has cleared up nicely. I haven’t decided if I am going to do one or two laps today, I have to prepare for the kayaking trip tomorrow, making sure that I have everything packed and picking up my boat from the storage unit I rent. One way or another, I had best get moving, as it is getting late. I woke up when I wanted to this morning, but my body and my brain had a debate as to whether I should get out of bed or not, and my body won, so I went back to sleep for an hour or so.
you are a better man than me.
Well, I better go...and work on English...ugh. Wish me luck.
Many of you probably already know and practice the little tip I am going to share today. But for those who are new to cloth diapering, researching, or searching for answers, I wanted to share it.
the movement has felt a bit more definite today. maybe if that trend continues over the next few days i'll feel a bit more excited?
I have always loved Maine. It is such a beautiful state to runaway to. It is simple and relaxed and it has so much to offer. The city of Portland is known for it's chefs, bakeries, and breweries and for the abundance of local resources; including organic produce, dairy products, and seafood. As you walk the streets, there are beautiful shops, farmer's markets, fish markets, bakeries, restaurants, live bands, and much much more. I plan to runaway to Maine someday! :)
Towards the end of my circus career I had grown into a big and powerful ape. My human friends came to me with their problems and disputes as if I were a cross between Don Corleone and King Kong. One such incident occurred when we were performing in Essex. It was the summer, and the circus had hired a pair of school leavers on some kind of government training programme. These two lads, called Callum and Travis, were not the best bred examples of English youth, and had a habit of leering at the female acrobats. One of these young women complained to me about them:
What would you do if you knew you couldn’t fail?
Start by asking God for the names of six people in your area who need a meaningful relationship with Christ.
You don't wanna miss it, so don't! 9 PM PST sharp kids....
fish will never near a ship, that far
Indeed, the 28th of February, we’ll both have 20 years.
clamp down
My week leading up to the trip to New York was an amazing one. I gathered all of the places here in San Francisco that I hadn't had the time to see, and built an itinerary. There were trips to Kitchenette, Muir Woods, MOMA to see Avedon, Il Cane Rosso, Thursday Farmers Market, Rickhouse, Coffee Bar, Foreign Cinema for brunch, Yerba Buena Gardens with my nephews, and Heaven's Dog. Ginger was out for her brothers wedding (which was fun and beautiful) and in a way we shared a dual vacation. If I had only had that one week to relax, it would've been enough...but New York was looming on the horizon. And in a way it was making me nervous as hell.
Yukiatsu: So you say Yadomi just started working?
see it in flash
Grameen Foundation’s AppLab Money believes that mobile money is essentially a liquidity-management platform. Put differently, it could be described as LiFi: Connecting people to an electronic payment system via their mobile phones that provides Liquidity with Fidelity. What does it take to turn mobile money systems into a full-fledged savings platform? A full savings proposition would address these additional key elements:
And not long ago, rushing and distracted before work, I showed up at my downtown, professional office in these:
Arrests for pointing lasers at aircraft usually involve helicopters, because they are able to hover over the area until ground units arrive, said Patrick Murphy, who operates the website LaserPointerSafety.com.
31And Israel was true to the Lord all the days of Joshua, and all the days of the older men who were still living after Joshua’s death, and had seen what the Lord had done for Israel.
Just as soon as I get what I want
One of the tomato side dishes I fell in love with was this recipe for Baked Tomatoes. I have modified it to fit in with our Anti-Cancer diet… but it’s just as delicious. I call these Saucers because I use beefsteak or heirloom tomatoes, and they’re huge!
Date: May 5th, time: 10-11PM (Your Local Time Zone) Welcome!
I would consider series ideas but I’d need to be convinced by the writing as well as the concept. Series are a big commitment – I think if you are a debut author starting with this is choosing a more difficult path. Please note, I didn’t take my own advice!
This also explained the pile up of vehicles we saw at the Canada side of the border crossing - law enforcement officials were searching every vehicle looking for the escaped prisoners.
Along with several pairs of shutters and a porch rail, I found frames, a great pair of sconces, concrete items, and the prettiest bed I've seen in a while. Just take a look:
So is there anything which might be called German craft beer?
While that isn’t exactly cute, it does make it fairly obvious that the only chance you’ll ethically be able to see a tarsier is in the wild.
As soon as I walk in the breakfast room, I am met with the normal barrage of MOMMY! MOMMY! MOMMY'S UP! HI MOMMY! I LOVE YOU MOMMY! CAN WE HAVE CANDY FOR STAYING IN BED? DADDY DIDN'T FEED US BRESTFAST! I'M HUNGRY MOMMY! CAN I HAVE A VITAMIN MOMMY? DADDY GAVE ME BANANAS! SHEPPY HIT ME MOMMY! SHE HIT ME FIRST MOMMY! WHERE ARE WE GOING TODAY MOMMY?
I know the debut album is ready! Please tell me more detail about recording process, cover art, album title, etc.)
I very rarely see anyone else riding, but we spotted a horse and rider on the way back.
Last week, PoPo had to go in for some surgery so I thought I would try out a new recipe to take down to him before he went in. I found these cute little mini apple pies.
Scrambled eggs, yesterday’s “rustic loaf” toasted with apricot jam, and fruit salad with a splash of amaretto to compliment the odd mix of everything fresh I had on hand: pineapple, peach, melon, apple, pear and grapes off our vine – an odd but refreshing combination, perfect for a peaceful Sunday morning. While finishing the last of the 2nd cup of coffee, I started another chapter.
Wrap:
Luke A. Dudek, 50, Livingston, N.J.
We had a getaway night planned as a Christmas present from my mom's siblings. It has been planned for a while so we decided to go ahead and go. Scott's parents watched the kids and I was feeling almost back to normal. We were excited for a night away. I thought about the kids the whole time and I was hoping that they would be ok. Taleah had thrown up a few times that day so I was nervous. The night was great. The food was AMAZING! The cabin was so cute. I need to post about that soon. Turns out... the night was horrible. Slade woke up 4 times and Taleah didn't sleep great. She woke up and was in a lot of pain. She cried for mommy and I wasn't there. The mouth sores are all over her lips and she won't even open her mouth very big. She doesn't want to eat because she can't seem to keep much down. I can tell she is in so much pain. I ended up taking her in to get some fluids to prevent dehydration. Her numbers ended up looking good and not needing any transfusions or anything. The pain on her face is horrible though. Almost more than I can bare at times.
Wind-beat whitebeam! airy abeles set on a flare!
Monday night during the Republican Rumble in Tampa
Creative ICT can involve looking at different types of computer based art, graphics and photo editing packages. Pupils can try out a whole load of different types of software: some you might have installed at school (2Paint a Picture, Revelation Natural Art, to name a couple of common ones) and some that are web based (Bomomo, Brushster, SumoPaint etc.). Some that are mainly for photo editing and manipulation (Fotoflexer, Tuxpi etc.), photo collage applications (Andrea Mosaic, Shape Collage etc. ) and some that aren’t really art packages at all but have artistic merits (Wordle, PowerPoint, Textorizer etc.).
One example is Anwar’s first sodomy trial, which started in 1999 and ended five years later in 2004, and even that duration was considered shortened thanks to former premier Dr Mahathir Mohamad’s resignation in 2003.
The project is quite enjoyable and will definitely improve your photojournalistic skills. During the process you might just gain a new appreciation for those around you and enrich your everyday experience . You may even gain a few new friends along the way.
Happy beading,
in the morning dew
A second article quotes Commissioner Brian Paddick as saying:
“It’s simple my child. You simply ask your inner self what it is you wish to know. Then you quietly wait for an answer. Now go on. Give it a go,” he urged.
So now that I've given the film all this free advertising, why is it even interesting?
My little kindgergartener melted my heart this morning by saying he wanted to buy his OWN gift for his teachers. He gets a dollar a week for his allowance, so he came in grasping $3.00 from his piggy bank. He decided to get them a "fancy coffee" from Starbucks, but I told him they are each more expensive than 1.50 (he has two teachers because they share a contract in his class). He wouldn't hear of me chipping in to add to his 1.50 for the coffee (a tall caramel machiatto to be exact). Each cost 3.55, so he paid for it all. That made this mommy's day! I'm so proud of his generous little heart.
Khun Nived Seehamongkol, Dokmai Garden’s grand old lady and Ketsanee’s mother cooked two dishes for me and the Tropical gardening School students:
Ew. They encourage kids to read this stuff, you know. Both of these passages are about the death of Judas, the guy who took the “thirty pieces of silver” idiom way too literally when he betrayed Jesus. He then went on to marry Mary Magdalene, father the bloodline of Leonardo da Vinci, establish at least eight secret societies which would rule the world two thousand years later, and hide the Holy Grail in Castle Anthrax. (I think it was something like that, anyway. I may have dropped some acid when I watched the Da Vinci Code movie. Good times.)
Geej--It's where I go CRAZY with the TV!
Finally, here's something that might give a chuckle:
one can’t run away forever.
He hopes to eventually build a kitchen downstairs in the basement when they make enough money.
5 carrots
It was a great whirlwind of a weekend, I got to celebrate one of my best friend’s birthday’s, see old friends, and do some pretty serious shopping in Brooklyn. Not to mention our front row seats at Coachella (I know, we couldn’t believe we got so close either!). All in all an amazing weekend filled with fun and friends! I hope you had a wonderful weekend as well!
Now for my project for today, I have made another Winter layout:
Dear reader, please take a deep breath, and read on.
Decca ECS 2116 (first issued 1963 as: Decca SKL 4523) Matrices: ZAL 5549 -2G / ZAL 5550 -2G
I am determined to, as Mish puts it, make that change permanent. This is what I am giving myself this round. Yet more importantly, I want to give, not only myself, but my family the gift of a life that is active and healthy. I want weekends filled with bike rides, runs, outdoor fitness, swimming to be part of my girl’s childhood memories. I owe that to her. This realization has further strengthened my resolve.
Last month I grabbed my bubble wand - my desire to write and encourage women for Christ - and started blowing bubbles. I put God at the focus of my blog - not myself. I sent out a few submissions to Christian organizations to be published. I started writing an online bible study.
BJORK,Debut
Happy writing
2010 Numbers
Three cheers for Arizona!
in the hot August sun on a dog leash
I replied:
You’ll take my word
$0.70 off Kellogg's Cocoa Krispies Cereal
The bar at the Tap was perhaps best described as a scrum. The door policy seemed to be basically if you are wearing a football shirt keep it hidden but it was a sea of Wednesday everywhere you turned. Worse still beers were going off (running out) left right and centre.
10.Golden Melody Boys / Blushing Bride
But, some folks didn’t (and still don’t) see it that way.
-What are the worst states in the US?
There were no rock stars there, and almost every dance I had was lovely. Some were challenging, some were comfortable, some were playful. It was exactly what I needed after last night. And I can't wait to go back.
A szerelékek is nagyon édesek, bár dilemmába estem, mert a párom áthelyezte oket egy asztalról a másikra, és úgy rémlett 3 db halacska volt, de fotózásra csak 2 jelent meg. Remélem meg lesz a 3. is ha volt.
Simple Stories, Christy Tomblinson, Unity grid and worn circles, IOD,
1 x (1379)Cadbury Dairy Milk - Black Forest = 2.49
Run downstairs. Pick it up.
FAMILY VALUES: There are some fairly intense scenes of action and violence in a sci-fi medium.
It was a natural progression towards friendship. Accidentally sitting next to him in Statistics 101. Two lonely souls who didn't know anyone but longed to be accepted. Seb introduces himself and Corina shakes his hand.
Now, in an effort to raise awareness for another one of the Humane Society's events, The Bark Ball , I've entered my pups in a photo contest - and of course I am shamelessly soliciting you for help!
This cheese has a fairly strong smell that my kids did not find appealing. I can’t decide if it smells good or not. The paste (a fancy term for the cheese inside the rind) is mild, and somewhat rich. Beyond that, I find this cheese hard to describe.
But only right now.
So we start off with the fact that the kids will be starting school. Cassie will be entering 10th grade, Jason 4th and Jack 2nd. It's amazing that we've been lucky enough to be stationed here for this long. We arrived in Camp Lejeune at the end of Cassie's 6th grade year (Jason's kindergarten year). Sucks how fast time goes by once you become an adult. Ugh!
Even though I had to endure some hard times, which I will post about that later...
Vashti: I was accepted to St Olaf College, which was one of my top choices. They granted me a full scholarship for merit, international status, and work-study programme.
Hardcover: 368 pages
last
Frank Oz appears as a Corrections Officer in the beginning of the film. He is best known as the voice of Miss Piggy and Yoda…among others.
“Time is running out for ‘Macedonia’; we will remain (outside the E.U.) with unstable countries such as Bosnia – Herzegovina and Kosovo”, he insisted.
34 rue Yves Toudic
But as a, for instance, twice weekly autumnal indulgence - there can be few better candidates in the world of British beer.
We can run around, go up, or tunnel through
The facts appear to be (according to John Campbell, who's got into very hot water indeed for daring to dispute the oracle) that Ken Ring said, after last year's September earthquake in Christchurch (which he unfortunately failed to predict - by any laws of evidence except those of a card-carrying Ringian), that he felt the aftershocks would tail off by the end of November. They didn't. He then explained that he didn't mean little aftershocks, which had tailed off by November (they hadn't), but only big earthquakes which caused harm to people and property, and that there was at least one of them still to come. I don't quite get how all that follows, but let's let it ride. That big one would strike on or about the 20th of March 2011.
As of lately, fantastic weather has graced our seaside town. Things aren’t just looking up outside, however: Our office has been booming with action. We have proudly closed nearly $110 million in sales since January, a new record for us. In fact, the southern Santa Barbara County real estate market is up 33% in sales compared with last year.
Beth Gibbons from Portishead and Kate Bush are some female singers who have interesting voices. For me, many interesting voices have a colour. Today a rellie and I were having an argument at a supermarket about the colour of the music that we were listening to, as Wuthering Heights by Kate Bush, one of the strangest bits of music to ever hit the top of the charts, was playing on the PA system among the aisles of groceries. Don’t worry about us. We are just a little bit different.
Beautiful objects, including historical and contemporary art, textiles and manuscripts, bring to life the profound spiritual significance of the sacred rituals that have remained unchanged since the Prophet Muhammad’s time in the 7th century AD.
poppy seed dressing
No I didn’t forget. I had the pics ready and everything. Honest. It was just a nutso day. I had a 6 tier wedding cake to deliver and put final touches on…also 4 extra cakes, each a different flavor..carrot with pecan cream cheese filling, strawberry w/vanilla, chocolate with peanut butter filling and lemon w/vanilla.
The film pitches the viewer straight into the action as it opens during the raid on the Northfield bank. After the dramatic escape of Jesse (Robert Wagner) and brother Frank (Jeffrey Hunter) the film proceeds to narrate events via a series of flashbacks which lead up to the climactic and doomed heist. The True Story of Jesse James, as I said, manages to correct a few of the errors of the earlier version. In this film the James gang are, more accurately, shown to be driven towards a life of crime as a result of the conditions that prevailed after the Civil War. The treatment of the other characters is also a good deal closer to reality. The 1939 film had the James home being bombed by railroad agents, resulting in the death of Jesse’s mother. Nicholas Ray’s movie has the attack being carried out by Pinkerton men (referred to here as Remington agents) and causing not the death of the old woman but the loss of her arm – again this is pretty much as it happened. It is no bad thing either that the Younger brothers are actually portrayed here, although the emphasis on them is slight.
Paramore came on at 20:45 and it was quite a surreal experience for me since I have been listening to them non-stop for the last year. Every song was familiar but what was even more surprising was how many of the Polish fans knew all of the words. That is some dedication. Hayley was really energetic and she really rocked when doing the heavier stuff. Aga recorded everything on her mobile so I might have to go back to that to get a really considered view of the performance.
Look I also support the whole use of extensions, but it is lost on the masses that have not even a clue what an extension is. And that is a shame.
a tonne to do before my step daughter, Hannah,
Greenlee et al., 2003 (USA): Increased risk for infertility (herbicides, fungicides)
Dear The Sun,
When, as my luck would have it, the photographer could not be there for a ghost hunting. I was asked.
I kinda had the same feeling about running shoes. Seriously - how different can shoes be??
I just got lense addict lol
took
I also finally made the sewing machine cover that I've had pinned since I joined Pinterest!
I had a lot of trouble getting a photo of this one that didn't look washed out or too shiny. I finally settled for a shiny one. This painting in the series I'm doing represents Maine. The pinecone and tassels is our state flower. I've yet to think of pinecones as flowers. They often remind me of removing pitch from our kids hands when they were little. Crisco usually did the trick!
On today's hop, the Quixotic Paperie Design Team and I have been joined by some fantastic crafty friends. A big thank you to each and every one of you for your support and for joining in today!
Beach, pool, or swimsuit episodes can often be irksome affairs when not done correctly, but fortunately Aquarion Evol avoided the typical pitfalls by getting the swimsuit part over with quickly and efficiently, then piling on the Aquarion Crazy. Apparently in this world, bananas, not apples, were the forbidden fruit the serpent offered Eve. Fudo had some awfully good arguments for why it’s a better choice. As for those milky geysers…was there an aquafer consisting of Ito-En Banana drink down there? That stuff is delicious.
- Superpod: This is for a more heavy wetter. The pod has 3 layers of microfiber and is then topped with a layer of microfleese. The pod is extra long in length so that you fold it in half as you customize the fit. This means that the number of layers will double.
Moneyball – Blu-ray Moneyball – DVD
Beiges will have a red, orange or yellow undertone.
But of course, they needed more money - the last lot had mysteriously vanished. So they were given another 480 million pounds. And is this new programme working out? No. Although it's early days, so far they haven't hit their forecast targets.
Suppose the Old Testament story of Joseph and his brothers was written in the POV of Gad? Could he have seen the wickedness of his own heart? (See Genesis chapters 37 to 50.)
(“Aboard the USS St. Paul (a cruiser) in Singapore harbour with my US Navy host.”)
I’m not a writer. I’m a re-writer.
Sometimes I become very angry with myself for not becoming a doctor or a lawyer when I had that full ride to college. I frittered it away. I quit. If I had only known.
for greatness and furnished me unto good works. Therefore, I ask that you open
Relyn was kind enough to share a little bit of her commute with me, so I thought it would be fun to return the favor...
a desert of god and his prophets between us, all of them dead,
“A certain creditor had two debtors; one owed him five hundred silver coins, and the other fifty. When they could not pay, he canceled the debts of both. Now which of them will love him more?”
The first card uses the Crafty secrets bird postcard stamp with brayer way back here in this post with Big and Juicy Stamp Pad (Hydrangea) and Iridescent medium,(I dropped this on with an eye dropper in the middle of the brayering the ink pad colours) to give it that sheen..so used purple end for this one.
You can’t decide
If anyone asks, tell them it's a drink for a friend.
Beneath The Valley of the Underdog
Keep the chemicals to a minimum. We expose our bodies to a number of toxins each day, especially “controlled substances,” such as alcohol, caffeine, gluten, and tobacco. Damaging the gut and its flora with these chemicals will shut the system down. So try to reduce these toxins to a bare minimum, if they cannot be completely avoided.
She spent a good part of an hour drizzling vinegar onto the baking soda, watching the bubbles and seeing what would happen when she mixed different colors. I purposely gave her primary colors to work with. When she declared she was done, I handed her a spoon, poured some of the remaining vinegar into the tub, and let her experiment with stirring and mushing the mixture.
“White Water, Black Gold” is a sober look at the untold costs (to water and people) associated with developing the second largest deposit of “oil” in the world.
Understanding that when others try my patience,
Roshon Fegan chatted about his new show, Shake It Up, at Ashley Argota’s 18th birthday party yesterday, January 29, in Los Angeles.
There is a deeper problem here. Increased risk aversion may end up compromising the very foundations of the SENS programme. If we are to achieve de Grey’s goal of longevity escape velocity (LEV) then we need to launch an aggressive campaign of developing and testing medical interventions. But testing such interventions is a risky business. Who among the risk averse is likely to subject themselves to unproven techniques?
and prolifically each minute of his life;
Another technique i looked into was matte painting i like the idea of being able to create a scene using other composites such as buildings, vehicles, rivers, roads etc. Here are a few examples plus my own version.
as she leads you away to new places.
Mother Teresa
Could Pinterest be the silver bullet for retailers on social media? Pinterest is clearly resonating with online consumers in a big way. To put it simply, customers who find a product via Pinterest are more likely to purchase it than those who find the product via other social networks.
Birthday hexipuffs.
It’s always been the little things that encourage me. I’ll watch a movie in which an attractive woman in a sports bra, a handsome widower, and a trio of selfish, weak-chinned cowards are pursued by mighty reptiles or visitors from another galaxy. “The cowards are going to die,” I’ll think, and then, when they do, I congratulate myself on my intelligence. When I say, “Oh, it was so predictable,” it sounds brainy and farsighted. When other people say it, it sounds stupid. Call me an egghead, but there you have it.
A lawyer and two friends--a Rabbi, and a Hindu holy man--had car trouble in the countryside and asked to spend the night with a farmer.
Cheapest price on SNS I've found:
Enigma holds a 50% equity in the offshore Southern Block together with Brazil's Petrobras.
(1997), these will tilt the balance of power toward whoever has the best ability to see... including ability to detect mosquito-cams! Our only hope in such a world is NOT to ban the things - that cannot conceivably work. But to make sure we all have them. And hence that we can catch the peeping toms.
I highly recommend this book for toddlers and preschoolers. This would be an excellent book to read to a toddler class at church or preschool and even better for a mom to read to a child sitting in her lap.
I posted this on the 'Sustainable Natural Dye Practice' Yahoo group but I thought I would post my question here as well.--
It was probably the evening of the baseline, or even the next day, when my husband and I finally pinpointed the source of my craziness. The transvaginal ultrasound.
STORY: Agent J of the MIB comes to work one morning to find the world changed and agent K dead for 40 years. Something has changed in the timeline and it is up to J to go back in time and make it right. However, he will find in the past that Agent K of the 60s hadn’t changed much from the guy who drove him crazy in the 21st century.
Larry Sagers wrote an article called "Vegetable-gardening-101" in the Deseret news that I noticed separates the crops a little differently. This is an excellent article and very helpful to read as well. He is more specific - grouping the items from the leaf and root crop category into hardy and semi-hardy.
The chutney was simple to make but you have to keep an eye on it, especially in the last stages when it is thickening up and likely to catch on the bottom of the pan. It’s difficult to rescue it if you burn it even slightly.
Up to that point, Mr. Potok had been preaching to the choir. The professor who introduced the Maestro gushingly referred to him as her “personal hero,” and the crowd of wide-eyed twenty-somethings had been nodding and “Amen”-ing their way throughout the lecture.
Council Member James joins Jed Marcus, coordinator of the Fort Greene Association’s Green Fort Greene & Clinton Hill (GFGCH) spring greening initiatives, for a press event on Tuesday, May 12th, at 2:30 pm, in front of Marcus Attorneys, located at 13 Greene Avenue (near Fulton St.)
I’ll leave that fight for a colder day though.
I decided on veggie burgers, as I have a ton of cans of chick peas in the house.
You say you live
“Once we had a romantic and old-fashioned conception of honour, patriotism, chivalry and duty. But it was a duty which didn’t have much to do with justice, with social justice anyway, and in default of that justice, and in pursuit of it, that was how the great words came to be cancelled out. The crowd has found the door into the secret garden, now they will tear up the flowers by the roots, strip the borders and strew them with paper and broken bottles.”
Together they have hijacked and exercise full control over all the resources including land, labour, capital and revenues from all economic activities such as oil, gas, cocoa, coffee, tobacco, gold, diamond, coltan, tourism and timber exports. Omar Bongo of Gabon and his circle of friends control all the oil money in Gabon. Obiang Nguema and his cronies exercise full control over the hundreds of millions of dollars of oil money that flow into the country annually. Denis Sassou Nguessou of Congo does the same with his friends and so are Eduardo dos Santos of Angola and Joseph Kabila of DRC.
Here's an adorable project by Debi Adams.
Speaking of my Kykers . . . it's really amazing how much stuff he picks up just by listening to what I teach Jaybird. Kyan does not like any kind of "learning time" at all. I don't stress it so much with him; he's only three after all. The other day he told me, "Mommy, I know my address" and then proceeded to rattle it off. He's only heard Jaidan and I repeat it -- I've never practiced it with him. He's also been telling me different addition facts. "One plus one makes two! Two plus three makes five!" I don't mean to sound like an asshole when I say this but . . . it's really surprised me! Jaidan learns a lot in the same way I do (by doing) whereas Kyan is obviously an auditory learner. I never realized how much he picked up on just by listening.
The image was found carved on a stone at the Gobekli Tepe temple in Turkey that pre-dates Stonehenge by seven thousand years – and shows a headless man with an erect penis romping with mythical creatures.
Which of the above would make your list? How have they impacted you and/or your ministry in 2011? How might they increase your influence in 2012?
“But I want to talk today not just about his failure but also the lessons it offers for the Labour Party.
roll; wrap in wax paper, and chill at least 2
and turpentine urns her sawdust daily keep
I was “written up” yet again by a manager for working 3 minutes past my shift. I wasn’t being over-zealous–I actually thought my shift ended at 2:30pm, not 2pm. I was so frustrated with myself and the way my brain read the numbers on the schedule. I’ve been chastised several times by management for similar faux-pas. (once I came to work and hour early by mistake, but they were glad that day because they needed extra staff.)
Last night, we arrived early enough in Omaha, NE for me to do laundry. The hotel washing machine was not working. The front desk sent a black tech to fix it. After solving the problem, he asked, “So, are you the driver of that bus?”
Friday 10th February
This is a photograph taken back in the Summer of 2008.
If the story were told in chronological order, the movie would show its flaws quite readily. For instance, played in order, there is no real character arc. Guy Pierce’s character is just floating along on a vendetta that he’s barely invested in, having only assumptions based on tattoos. If played chronologically, the film has no resolution in relationships between characters. You would see Carrie Ann Moss be mean to Guy Pierce, then sleep with him, then help him, then nothing. There is no real resolution. In fact, and I’m sure this is deliberate, Carrie Ann Moss’ character only fits the “femme fatale” archetype when played in reverse, because if you play the film in order, she fits more the romantic interest type.
George’s Spiritual Timeline:
My daughter will be going into 4th grade next year. Since I taught 4th grade more than any other, this is my specialty! There are so many fun books to choose from. I plan to start off with one of my favorite books, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory! This was one of my very favorite units to teach and I can't wait to have that fun with my daughter!
And then they knew the perilous Rock,
Luckily, after the First Half, I didn’t get sicker, and actually took a turn for the better. My training went really well, the rest of February was strong, I finished the month with a total of 151 kms in mileage. March was a killer month, in both good and bad ways! It was a great month overall for training, and I was feeling like superwoman, getting in lots of workouts, lots of running, cross-training, and everything was quality work-outs, I felt invincible! However, the last week of March, I pushed too hard, and I learned a very valuable lesson. That over-training is a very real thing, and that recovery days are just as important as workout days. It was a tough lesson to learn, and I had 4 terrible painful days of hardly being able to walk, but luckily I learned this lesson 6 weeks out from the race. Still, March was as I said, a killer month, totaling 245.25 kms!!
According to senior enforcement sources and documents reviewed by the IPT, investigators had information tying Abdul Mawgoud Dardery to the pornography investigation that was based in Pennsylvania. He was the senior member in the four-person FJP delegation which held court with academic groups and met with senior officials at the White House and State Department last week.
I’m not saying that waking up a different species would be amazing. For proof of this, just look at Jim Breuer and his post-Goat Boy career. Maybe that doesn’t fully make my point. All I’m saying is that waking up a sheep would be better than waking up as, say, Mel Gibson’s girlfriend. Or a sex toy.
However, I am 8 months pregnant, and tired. The fact that I shopped ahead for their easter lambs and a few little goodies, has me quite proud of myself. I've got Resurrection Rolls planned and a "Meaning of Easter" basket planned. But, there are no decorations up for Easter, and since I don't have any to begin with, I am proud of myself for not indulging in the temptation to go out and shop for things we really don't need.
"But darling I have to go into town this afternoon, The car's due its MOT and I have an appointment at the hairdresser."
1/2 cup pf cilantro leaves.
Did you know that "Home Depot" has a "The" in front of it?
Zeynep Mine Derince, Marmara University, Turkey: Reflections on Teaching Practices through Conditionings in Turkey
“Well, what’s worse?” I asked her. “Her seeing the movie or listening to some plumber cursing his brains out for a half hour?”
Read the Stack of Running Books on my Night Stand - So much good info and inspiration, and I need to carve out the time to actually read them.
Sam Adams Cream Stout
The card had a little thicker card stock than your basic brands, and it was very glossy..
We also had a shopping trip... for new SPRING clothes! For Luz, of course... none for me! And we had a trip to the ZOO! Went with my friend Nina and her 3 boys. Her oldest is spending the weekend with me this weekend. I'm fixin to go play darts with him in just a few minutes!
The Packs will be available starting November 1, at which time purchase links will be available.
He also suggests that because linguistically we need a ‘subject’ (that is every sentence needs a grammatical subject – maybe one of the English language students could explain it until I get back; it’s very basic syntax) we invent nouns (things) from verbs (acts). We name the phenomenon ‘lightning’ (noun) because it lightens (verb). Scientists refer to force as a thing, but really it is an act, so Nietzsche argues that to say “Force moves, force causes” is repetitive nonsense.
Tomorrow I am wearing long underwear. And taking two blankets.
This was one of the first shows Atticus and I ever watched together, back when we were dating oh-so-many years ago. A few months back, we watched it again and though it's now rather dated, it's really lovely, and funny and poignant and I loved it as much as I did the first time around.
1/3 cup fruity white wine
Whether the ministry of orphan care, or the ministry of adoption, most often this impacts the NATIONS.....plural.
From the Huffington Post in 2010:
Leave the bed and the fire,
"But do you mean it though?"
Ten years ago, I called for people who will be my covenant partners; and several people volunteered. I said it would be for ten years, the ten years are over now and many of them had asked, what’s happening, are we going to continue? I told them I will ask God.
Race Record: Starts:19; Wins: 6; 2nd: 1; 3rd: 5; Win & Place Prize Money: £127,451
He pulled out all sorts of goodies including a 3 year old barley wine, a beer he was calling "Half Beer" which was Flanders Red blended with Cherries, and a beer I think he is calling "Shekar" (a sour spice strong blonde ale fermented with a "White Wine Grape") all of which were quite remarkable. Then he started pulling samples from the tanks in the brewery. There we tasted some truly special beers like his wonderful Apricot Flanders and very tasty and well balanced blended that I can't remember the name of (I must have been drinking). I think it might have been called P’Quad. (Edit: Vlad the Imp Aler.)
Skin: UrKiddo-Sunkiss – :::Modish::: (Kawaii Fair)
The letter invites the Ministry of Finance to send the documents in 10 days or we go to the High Court.
If you asked Americans to identify the most noticeable change in U.S. politics over the past two decades, they’d probably answer that politics has become more polarized and that this has made it harder for the government to address the problems the country faces.
Gack.
Leave all our hopelessnesses aside (if just for a little while)
This novel explores our world in the future where politics have tainted everything. Ethics of what should be allowable is a sub-plot that does not seem as far fetched as we may sometimes hope. The novel rotates between the first person perspective of the two main characters. There is elements of mystery, action, suspense, and even a little romance. Family relationships and connections in politics are explored from the point of view of a privileged member of society and that of someone on the outskirts. This is a very well written book.
"The Scarlet Thread"
THis GOVERNMENT IS NOW OUT OF CONTROL
The hard types of the mason's knife,
I have rewritten and reread this post many times and I still can’t stop it from sounding a bit gay. But you know what; I’m actually okay with that. In fact, I’m going to test the gayness of this post by adding pink points to the gayest parts (represented by this symbol ) followed up by a rating on my gayometer.
“Great, thank you so much,” I said. “By the way, how many runners to you have in the race?”
“Market conditions improved across the board, even from the rather strong level of three months ago,” said NMHC Chief Economist Mark Obrinsky. “Demand for apartment residences – and apartment properties – continues to grow. We anticipate this increasing further in the coming years due in part to the large number of younger households moving into the housing market and a greater preference shown for renting.”
"I need some statistics about which part of the country babies are abandoned most often, what time of year, and where to find them -- outside hospitals or police stations or under hedges or in phone boxes."
I placed their hands like that in this portrait because often I find they play such a vital role and say so much.
As you will notice, I have had to move a few things to make give Lythan room on the table to work, so one stack of boxes that normally live on the table have been moved to a little fold up table in the corner and my box of Promarkers is now on the top of the filing cabinet for the time being, until I get around to putting everything back.
So here's what I'm wearing today, Monday 17th October
I cut the bird part of the Bird Branch die cut with blue Core'dinations Distress Cardstock. I sanded the cardstock to reveal the color core to give the bird some color variation. I inked the edges of the bird with Walnut Stain Distress Ink. I adhered the blue bird to the brown cardstock cut with the branch. For the bird's belly and beak, I tore a scrap of yellow Distress Cardstock. I laid the torn scrap on the die so that it covered just the beak and belly. After cutting the piece with the die, I inked the edges and adhered it to the bird. I used a black pen to add an eye to the bird. I adhered the bird on the branch.
Ate Tin – You know I have deep affection for you, please take care of your health.
Support for assigning images to contacts
Besides, there’s a final interesting point. Studies undertaken in the 1930's showed that most people are only efficient at their jobs for 6 hours a day. Longer than that and they tend to lose concentration and make mistakes. The survey found that most errors occured in the time people worked beyond 6 hours. The recommendation was put forward for a 6-hour day to be introduced. Then came the war – and nobody bothered about that sort of stuff.
We were really fortunate to be able to visit this amazing site. Being in the presence of 2,200 year old history is an experience that will stay with me forever.
The only thing I felt they could have done a better job at is describing the discomfort and pain over the next few days. The nurse told me most women are feeling normal after a day or so. It took almost a week to feel normal again. I seriously thought something was wrong, thank god for the internet as I found out this was actually pretty normal.
LESSON 3. Talking about passion fruit – if you want to grow the vines, all you have to do is buy the fruit at the market or even Tesco recently (buah markisa – hooray, I can count from 1 to 5 in Malay and I know the word for passionfruit), and then save some of the seeds. Just have them dry on a dish. If you wish you can rinse them with water to remove the clingy pulpy stuff (sorry, technical language). While at Tesco, or an organic shop, buy mung beans – other legumes that can sprout may also work for you. Then put a seed or two in tiny pots, along with a couple of mung beans. The mung beans will increase the success rate of germination from about 15% to about 90%. Once they have grown enough, repot, and repot until in a pot of at least 12<U+2033> diameter. Full Malaysian sun seems to be OK once they are 9<U+2033> high or so. This is where I am up to now. More info as I observe it.
He will go and find out their names
Maybe you guys can read it and let me know what you think?
Feb 13, we took our continental breakfast around 7AM at Tanaya Bed & Breakfast. Call time would be 9AM. This would be a full day trip with EXOTIC BALI Destination.
To modern-day Leftists anybody they disagree with is a "fascist" so in their discourse the term is essentially devoid of meaning, but, aside from such childishness, it remains of interest to ask what other prominent Fascists there were in the 20th century? Were there other influential Leftists in the 20th century who were also nationalists and who might hence broadly be described as Fascists?
Whilst in IKEA I came across Phillip and Jude Reddaway who own a beautiful old priory called La Madelène from which they conduct wine tours of the Rhône region. I did a three day course with them two years ago and learned a lot about the local wines and so I asked Phillip to pair a wine with the meatballs and this is what he came up with.
Silence is a sound all its own,
I am obsessed with lurkers who don't comment. It's almost like peeping . . . And of course I do it too.
As with many old recordings on this tape deck, the left and right channels extracted on a stereo deck sound slightly different, so I've restored it back to true mono using the better sounding of the channels (right on CD1 and left on CD2) and then fixed the constantly varying volume level plus a few other fixes.
The bread is crusty with a fluffy middle often protected by generous mounds of cream cheese, blue cheese or chickpea puree. I identify my favourites early - the prawn on spiced cauliflower puree is addictively delicious and the eggplant chip with blue cheese is a magical combination of sweet eggplant and golden breadcrumbs hugged by a piquant hillock of blue cheese, cream cheese and honey. I return for seconds of both.
The Malaysian economy is controlled by the rich cronies and the UMNO elite. These are the groups who will suffer the most if Malaysia ‘goes to the dogs’. The rich are more powerful than they have so far been portrayed to be by UMNO. Former prime minister Mahathir Mohamad, who ruled Malaysia for 22 years, and ex-Finance minister Daim Zainuddin are both politicians and very wealthy too. They and their cronies have much to lose in the event that Najib orders a military crackdown or launches a coup if the Pakatan Rakyat led by Opposition Leader Anwar Ibrahim wins.
I’m going to end this post with a video that helped confirm my feelings that this disorder is real. We aren’t “attention seekers” but people who want to cope with life more effectively, but haven’t been able to…yet.
“The bodies are transported on this endless chain into a long, narrow compartment, where they pass through a bath which disinfects them. They then go through a drying chamber, and finally are automatically carried into a digester or great cauldron, in which they are dropped by an apparatus which detaches them from the chain. In the digester they remain from six to eight hours, and are treated by steam, which breaks them up while they are slowly stirred by the machinery…From this treatment result several products. The fats are broken up into stearin, a form of tallow, and oils, which require to be re-distilled before they can be used. The process of distillation is carried out by boiling the oil with carbonate of soda, and some of the by-products resulting from this are used by German soap makers. The oil distillery and refinery lie in the south-eastern corner of the works. The refined oil is sent out in small casks like those used for petroleum, and is of yellowish brown colour.”
If the budget is in the red, it’s because they want it in the red.
Glue white tissue paper on inside of lid. Overlap paper for good coverage.
I put my cookware to use last night for the first time. I started with something easy. Spaghetti with meat sauce. I used two of my stainless steel pieces, the 9.5 inch braising pan and the 3 qt. pot.
The team was PUMPED and ready to go. The mission of the day was Team Denya - get her to the finish line!
Writing a novel is more difficult than being a New York City banker. I know this first hand. For seven years, I worked in the corporate finance area of one of the largest banks in New York. As a young woman from Alabama, I ended up in the fast paced lane near Wall Street. I loved it there, and I loved the man I met there. We got married and our first daughter was born at Mount Sinai Hospital during one of the hottest summers New York City ever had.
Wow, we loved seeing your Christmas Cards for last weeks challenge, and glad to see so many of you loved the new Christmas release!! All the winners are listed at the bottom of this post - could it be you?!
07. Beggars 4:11
Concord Crush CS#119792
Hundreds of mourners are expected to turn out for his funeral at Portsmouth Cathedral tomorrow.
Another use that I've found for beautiful silk scarves is to employ them as covers for my sewing machines between uses. Right now I'm using two floral ones. I may switch them out next fall.
Oh and when you are done in the forums.. don't forget to head on over to the shop and pick up an awesome bargain.. and don't forget to use the sale code NEWYEAR30 during check out and you will get yourself 30% off your order. Already awesome prices and a further 30% off who wouldn't want to shop at these prices. I know I have!
I am very excited that we both have families that dont mind getting together all at once! I hope it remains that way in the future, because it sure makes it easier!
KERS in 2011
WS: It’s less the heists themselves, which – as you pointed out in your review of KINGS – tend to be low-tech and messy, as it is the pressures they put on the disparate participants, and the sometimes brutal fallout that follows (see above). Also, with Crissa, she’s a woman in a man’s world, and has to deal with that as well, by being twice as tough, twice as smart and twice as resourceful as the men around her, just to get by.
on bottom)
when his heart is pure,
Being there is the best way to help someone out
Write out responses to the thematic questions related to Black Boy. Support your responses with evidence from the text.
It’s easy to lose track of time when you’re crafting and I usually work late in the night so I don’t keep track, just go on till I’m finished. I’d say 6-7 hours but it’s probably more...
I had written: “The Christian position is that Christ is our substitute.”
– End rant –
The colouring ain't good and I feel I threw too much at the card but, it was made with a lot of thought, and a blindfold! Plus, it's kinda cute - even if that mouse is dicing with death and I'm not sure about the little pink pearls!
I think my first challenge will be - my own interpretation of the last look.
Updates from this past weekend:
RICHARD BARNBROOK AM
I could not question the ethics of what I saw,
So, I’m a fighter, which is a decent quality. And I’ve got this really great YES team. I find these two things are very necessary components when going after the truly and ridiculously difficult artistic pursuits I’m after. Forget artistic pursuits, these are some of the necessary qualities to cut through the bullsh*t of life in its entirety.
I wake up in a sweat and make a mental note. "Must have life outside of kids." I tell S. "Our lives revolve around the kids." I must visit the Saraiki Belt now. If your aunt is dying in Karachi, you can not help her from Boston no matter how many laps you swim. I felt most at peace after I spent the whole night at the hospital, fell asleep on a folding chair by her bedside, and woke up with my head in the lap of a Baluch woman who was running her fingers through my hair maternally. I pulled away, embarrassed. (I have yelled slogans on Frat Row, and she thinks I am a child.) The woman on the bed across who shrieked in pain all day was grinning madly. My aunt sat in her wheelchair, picking at her hair. She was tiny and a mess. The priest did his rounds, and she sat up like a little girl in a confessional. God bless you my child, he said. Padre. She talked to him like someone who has faith in miracles. Later, we transferred her to Liaqaut. I was bouncing along in the back of an Edhi ambulance holding her dry feet trying to fill the treacherous air with optimism while her pale face peered at me through the coffin like sheets so clean. We are at this signal, I inform her; although, she never asked.
what is your best or worst interview experience? have you ever bombed one?
We say sorry when we get people mad at us. We say sorry when people get into trouble because of us. We say sorry to someone who is experiencing an unpleasant event. However it is, the person we say sorry to is definitely not in a good mood. The last thing they need is a long apologetic speech. It's like pouring vinegar onto a wound.
One of our STAR Forum members has a child in Park City High School. She contacted me very upset about a 1½-hour presentation in her child’s class. I decided to look into this a little further and found some background on this subject.
Viki Geunes of Antwerp's ’t Zilte restaurant to create this
Thanks for stopping by! Have a great evening and see you soon!
4. SMELL the bar. This step is vital. Your nose can detect up to 200-300 aromas. A really good bar will have a distinctive parfum that should be savored before you place it in your mouth.
V/A - Unsigned (Epic 1987, comp with Green, New Salem Witch Hunters, The Worms...)
Burn him like a blazing star.
One day our Savior Jesus the Christ will return to earth. And in that day we’ll hear real “rock music”.
I can't believe I came home to find my car keyed
Her child, her only child,
way for us to informally assess if they really understood the strategies, how they
Really? The Romney people are that easy to intimidate? You'd think, in that case, you could generate controversy about any potential pick and they'd back down.
The Harry Potter films have been consistently above average in quality, and while certain installments were better than the others and vice-versa, the Deathly Hallows: Part Two, and the rest of the Potter pictures are well worth the time. If you’ve seen the other movies, you owe it to yourself to see Part Two and finish off the series. But then you probably already knew that, didn’t you?
But it didn't matter,
It probably didn't help that we removed four full frames of honey. This hive is normally relatively placid, but not today! I won't be venturing out in into the back yard again for a while.
Analysing the editing structure of these slasher films is only part of this paper. Another goal was to outline exploratory data analysis as a data-driven approach to understanding film style that avoids a specific problem of existing ways of thinking about film style.
If The Madman’s Daughter really were autobiographical in even the vaguest sense, I’d probably be locked away in an institution somewhere. I’ve never been involved in dark scientific experimentation (OK, I did participate in some psych studies in college, but that was just to earn money for beer). In real life, my dad is the most zen, calm, sane person I know. I mean, he’s a bookseller. The craziest scientific experimentation he would do is to move a book from sci-fi to mainstream fiction and see if anyone notices.
I debated about starting over, but then my husband saw this and fell in love with the 3D effect. He doesn't fall in love with that many of my projects, so I decided to forget both the steampunk and zentangle-inspired work (note: when doing crafts & art for the guys, 3D will probably be a popular choice, lol).
“He’s coming after us!” Manny shouted a warning.
In 2007 the Lyons report on local government found that more than a quarter of councils were already earning more from such charges than they were from council tax, and this has now risen to the point where "sales, fees, charges" and "other income" now yield £25 billion a year, much the same as Council Tax.
* I have officially completed two weeks of the Fat Flush diet and have lost a total of eight pounds so far. Last week was rough with four late nights at work, I wasn’t able to fit the gym into my schedule. I am feeling good doing this diet. Turned down red velvet cake, whoopie pie cake, and a cupcake. That’s right. Go me. The diet is restricting and makes it hard to eat on the run, but I am sticking with it. Discipline baby. I will get back into a size 10. I will get back into a size 10.
Because my old love, you were just a waste of time…
Key cards: Perhaps you've heard of this year's rookie class? Not to mention lots of Hall of Famers
The one other thing I like about the Carousel is the array of unobtrusive mirrors placed behind the bar. You can easily ignore them if you like, but I happen to think occasionally seeing your reflection aids in self-reflection. Plus, you can tell if someone is sneaking up behind you. Genius, as far as I’m concerned.
Disclosure: I received 3 pairs of underwear for review purposes and a gift card. No other compensation was received. The opinions expressed are my own.
You left with no goodbye
Curtis managed to get to the garage and get the door closed. Like good farm people, we gravitated toward the kitchen windows to watch the storm. I had supper on the stove (no warnings had been issued at this point). After we watched our youngest son’s playground slide fly upward about a dozen feet, I became concerned. Within seconds, I began to hear the terrible sounds a building makes when it begins to rip and break. The large (10 feet high by 16 feet wide) window on the south side of our house began to flex and move. I couldn’t hear the storm as much as I could feel it–like the deep bass rumbling of the trains that pass within a few miles of our house.
2. Head to the Captain, located on the west side of Yaston's town and talk to this man. He will offer free nautical lessons if you retrieve his logs from a man named Mhuk. He hands you a letter, tells you to go find Mhuk. You can now enter south Yaston past the guards.
Nooyi’s pension value and non-qualified deferred compensation earnings was about $3 million, up from $2.1 million in 2010.
Especially when the peach ice cream is nestled inside a lovely waffle cone. This has been one of my favorite sweet treats lately. I think the peachness of it makes me think it's summer time. Somehow, I never get to finish the entire portion of ice creamy goodness all by myself. I have a little boy whose eyes light up when he sees me walking into the room with it and suddenly any toy he was playing with is forgotten.
Posadas, Argentina
It is laid out in such a way as to connect with the reader and is written in a style that anyone can understand and follow. This is a feat only rarely achieved by authors who write something as intelligent as this is. Vandenburg does not just stop when he says that everything is a personal choice; he goes very deep into his own mind about it. It was very clear in reading this book that the author has spent a great deal of time actually conceptualizing what would be in this book and putting it into words. Still, he manages to piece his arguments together without rambling or losing the central point of them.
Me: I suppose you want Chex Mix too?
truth without facts
While I sat on my dining room table , drawing, cutting and painting, I watched the September Issue on Netflix again. Although Anna Wintour’s reputation precedes her, I find her to be an admirable woman, someone who works hard and expects nothing less than excellence. It was great to see all the hard work that goes into creating a great editorial, Grace Coddington is a genius and no one expects to produce the kind of pictures she does but still, I feel that hard work pays off and I felt truly inspired.
“Schools have a responsibility under law to ensure children are insulated from political activity and campaigning in the classroom. . . . While faith schools, rightly, have the freedom to teach about sexual relations and marriage in the context of their own religion, that should not extend to political campaigning.”
Isn’t the city mixed Sinulog 2010 with politics?
I can’t deny this training has been exteremely useful in many ways, but it also leads me to quickly form opinions and draw conclusions on the basis of what I already know, or, I might say, on just what I know so far. When this becomes a problem is in the context of studying, working, or just being in another culture. I don’t always notice the most relevant information, or sometimes worse, I do notice it but misinterpret it.
And that’s exactly what we’re going to do with your writing muse gone truant. We’re going to kick her back into gear so you can fill up that blank page.
To manage one’s emotional state during conflicts requires that one has their self confidence and self esteem in place and possess good communication skills. When self confidence and self esteem is perceived to be under attack or threatened it results in a “flight or fight” stress response. Inorder to keep self confidence and self esteem in place one needs to be proficient in relaxation techniques and strategic communication skills to diffuze the situation.
“But God commendeth his love toward us in that while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us.”
I quit my job. I quit a career. I quit because I was more tired than any gal my age. I was tired of tears, I was tired of underperforming, I was tired of doing something my heart wasn’t into, I was tired of losing my creativity, I was tired of sacrifice. I was tired of envy. Envy of those who seemed to have it so easy, as fulltime students whose only care that week was an assignment. I was tired of using my job as an excuse for the way I acted and felt, and yet did nothing about it. And maybe the grass really is greener on the other side but I wouldn’t know until I crossed over. I might even remember who my friends are and what they look like!
Tensing Norgay
My Indonesian’s also improved quite a bit. Actually, it’s more like it’s returned. I used to think that I’d lost most of it. Composing sentences took forever and I’d feel silly saying it. Each day here I get more confident with it. It’s also more than just relearning, it feels like my mind has switched over. I’m starting to think straight in Indonesian and reflex words like “Wadduh!” are coming out. I’m also starting to mix some Javanese like “Ngak” and “Ngono” into my speech too, which is annoying cousin Edo cause it’s probably like I’m putting his two native languages into a blender. Maybe by the end of my twenty days, waktu saya pulang ke Aussi harus mengadaptasi lagi mengunakan Bahasa Inggris. Bagian bagian dari pos ini sudah dipikirkan dalam Bahasa Indonesia. Rasanya memakai Bahasa Indonesia lebih enak, lebih menyenangkan.
In an ongoing eWedNewz investigation new information involving alleged websites that sell inferior knock-off merchandise to American consumers could put a dent in the action, as dress manufacturers mobilize against the sources in China.
The next day my class was visited by our new superintendent. He came in during our math workshop sat down with his entourage of TWELVE people, including a camera crew-very low key and inconspicuous : ) At the end of the lesson all of our visitors left and I applauded my kiddos on a job well done. The kids all wanted to know who was the really smart one (I held in a giggle) and let them know that Dr. Wise was the man who had been sitting in Victoria's chair. Without missing a beat my Alex very politely raised his hand, waited his turn and then said, "Well he can't be that smart. He didn't even remember to push in his chair." I lost it!
And then the smell changes -
“As a journalist, my instinct tells me that the muffin story was just a bit too good to be true,” says Pexton. As it turns out, the entire cost for refreshments at the meeting was $14.72 per person per day, within federal guidelines. Why the false report, which media outlets failed to check with the Hilton hotel involved? Because the hotel’s were imprecise: coffee and fruit were provided free, and all fees were allocated to the muffins, croissants, bagels, brownies, ,and cookies provided for morning and afternoon refreshment.
An agent is definitely a great help in getting through the door of any publishing house and negotiating a good deal. Many publishers no longer view unsolicited manuscripts so, yes, I would certainly recommend having an agent!
The PC’s also meet Miriam Paddington, an ancient woman with a shock of still black hair and dark eyes. She wanders Graen’s home randomly sputtering what might be prophesy or just the ravings of an old woman. She tells the PC’s that darkness is coming, a storm on the horizon. She mentions also a menace from deep in the earth. Making little sense, the PC’s noted her words and moved on.
Take a look at my body
I bought some really nice things during the last months, like those two pairs of shoes. The brown ones were bought for 17€ at some cheapass clothing store in Wiesbaden yesterday after my last written exams, the other ones I ordered from here: Mel
Now that sounds pretty amazing and wonderful to me. How about you?
Duellist, Serial Seducer of both Ladies and Gentlemen.
Hey Dawn! I was at Lake Tahoe this past weekend, I happened to stumble across a wooden plate that read "Who are these kids and why are they calling me 'Mom'?!"Do you have any wooden plates of the liking or would at the moment like one for your birthday?
2. The process for submitting items to the school board for agenda inclusion was flawed even before the 10 day advance was proposed. Other than submitting her or his own agenda requests, the superintendent should have no say in what the board does or does not discuss. There is simply no justification for giving the Superintendent the authority to approve or disapprove such requests from the public. Though Hibbard seems set on acting otherwise, the elected board is the superintendent's boss and not the other way around. The school board exists to protect the public's interests, not the superintendent's. As such, agenda items should be submitted to the full board for their inclusive consideration, not to the superintendent. If the board wants to change the rules, they should start there.
15. Craig G - Freestyle
* Kraft - loving all the fun lines they are making with kraft..so fun!
He had slapped the bitch in public while the bitch was carrying five grand worth of drugs in her backpack.
Sister, by a sizable margin
I used a white eyeliner in my water line and used it lightly on my lashline.
We had a great time with Tyson's parents and we really appreciated them coming to see us. Even if they only got to stay for 5 hours. We love our parents so much and we're grateful to have such a great support group in them. I can't wait to see them again!
Strong performances from another really good cast made this even better. And at least this monster wasn’t unrealistic!
Get Messy
Sore nipples
Take refrigerated leftover mashed yams. Add about ½ cup of flour to absorb the moisture (you may need more or less). Form into patties and fry until golden brown. Enjoy!
The democracy icon’s failure to fulfill an election campaign promise to undertake agrarian reform as the centerpiece of a social justice program to alleviate poverty and remove one of the major causes of unrest led to a demonstration outside Malacañang in January 1987—11 months into her presidency. Thirteen protesters were killed by government troops.
However, as far as I can tell, no neo-Nazis have been knowingly invited to the Aarhus event. I don’t read Danish very well, so it’s hard to learn details about what’s happening. The demonstration will be an open one and anyone can attend. Thus it’s always possible that provocateurs could be injected into the mix to discredit our cause, as has unfortunately occurred at some EDL demos.
I don’t have any real complaints.
We are willing to engage with any proposal to secure the future of our company and its 400 employees. Any deal must satisfy the Government, its agencies and the taxpayer whose support over the last two years has helped us continue to operate and for which we are very grateful.”
The first, and one of the most frightening, came almost immediately upon my return home. My friends and I were lined up outside of a circus tent, waiting to see the sideshow. An old fashioned and grotesque carnival barker captured my attention, shouting offers to show me my future in perfect detail. I excused myself from the line I was in and approached the barker, paying him the two-dollar fee. He led me to another smaller tent around back and pushed me through the entrance.
We have been busy, busy, busy around here lately with LOTS of family and FUN! Our visitors started arriving last weekend when my mom and Grandma Lois came to stay with us from Friday until Sunday. We celebrated my mom's birthday and had a relaxing weekend catching up and visiting.
So I bet your wondering what the heck a historic vignette is well for our purpose its a short film (3-5 minutes long) and each member of my class (there is only four of us) were assigned a historic place or district. Lucky me I was the only one that had no previous experience and got the district so instead of just having one thing to focus on I had two churches, a park, post office and federal courthouse! Yup and this was pretty much all we did the entire semester so this is our grade…no pressure right? Well not only that we have to present these in a working session of the city hall meeting so if you mess up public humiliation galore! Oh and he is taping this to put on our local government channel PikeTV! Yup I’m excited…..
His afro glistened with the coconut grease under the canary-yellow sun.
The warning was made because of recent intelligence reports explaining the risk of a terrorist attack. Of course, the following day stores all across America saw a surge in sales of these items. Because Duct Tape sold out in many places, the incident became known as the “Duct Tape Alert”.
The second question, and subsequent answer, require much inspection, but at the present moment, we are most concerned with how nature is materially possible. This is because the formal conditions for the possibility of nature pertain to the understanding, whereas, at present, our inquiry is primarily concerned with Kant’s musings on objects of experience ‘in’ space and time. For Kant, the latter is an investigation firstly of sensibility.
This week we fixed the broken tile from out front (it's still not 100% done, we need to re-grout it back in!), painted around the inside frame (the new frame is a little more narrow, so things aren't just a quick and easy replace...booo!), re-installed the trim on the inside, and added in the fill trim to account for the size difference. We still need to go back and add more caulk around the frames, paint the frames, and maybe give the walls one more coat, but this is good enough for now. I just wanted the framing at least on the doors in case Kalia decides to show up soon (please oh please!!!). After all that...here's the result of our hard work!!
Under the new law citizens would be allowed to carry their weapons into churches, schools and sports arenas — places they currently aren’t allowed to be packing heat. The proposal would also eliminate the state’s 83 county gun boards and transfer the power to issue CCW permits to local sheriff’s departments.
Old issues of Beyond the Tracks – this was the little newspaper I wrote and put out for my friends and neighbors.
Originally produced for DK's marketing staff, the video--which literally reverses itself halfway through, turning the conventional doom and gloom about the future of books on its head in the most ingenious way--has since gone viral.
I love you Aidan Christopher and I love you Lucas Alexander.
If you lived in the neighborhood, you probably knew these guys -- especially if you have kids. These big guys would lift the kids up to sit inside the firetruck, explain how all the cool stuff worked, and let them wear their fire hats.
Each Monday I am going to name, describe the function and then demonstrate an exercise for a muscle or muscle group.
Anyhow, it resonated.
After "Friday on My Mind", we get "Strangers in the Darkness" and "Thunder Rising", both of which are very catchy. "Strangers" slows things down a bit, before the album kicks into "Thunder Rising", which is probably the heaviest track on the album.
Everybody wins. Except for maybe the audience.
Come join us next Tuesday February 21 st for discussion on Chapter 3. We will talk about personal will, self control and the ability to stay true to ourselves as we travel through this life. The gathering is fun, free and another opportunity to meet new people.
The Sevateem was an artificial cultural grouping on the unnamed planet colonised by the Mordee Expedition. The Sevateem referred to themselves as a tribe. The Sevateem were the degenerated remnant of the original expedition's Survey Team. Their development and behaviour were influenced by Xoanon as part of its experiments to contrast physical and intuitive development with mental and psychic development.
Don Ramon was not a guard of his king but rather a guard of Charles III’s health as well as the royal family’s health.
Premium Times had continuously reported that Abul Qaqa was not arrested contrary to reports and that it was Abu Darda, another member, that was arrested.
It's important to keep our bodies strong - there is so much they are capable of - we need to respect that.
As a dinner, make 2-3 large mushrooms per person. I eat 2 and am full, but Steve and his friend were here and both ate 3 each.
However, the whole thing could have been over quickly. If he had raised his hand and waved or given any acknowledgment whatsoever that could be construed as "my bad", I would have waved back, calmed down, and the situation would have been over.
From my sun sign, conjuncts, moon sign, and one sesquiquadrate, I have apparently every good quality it is possible to have. I am ambitious with drive, and creative. I have charm and magnetism. I am down to Earth. I am purposeful, focused and efficient with good organisational skills. Quite a lot for me to go out into the World and manifest. I am nurturing, empathetic and sensitive, and Sun conjunct Mars fosters heroism and valour.
The Pacers have a good team and Vogel and Granger know it. The rest of Ameica will find out how good when the second round begins. They won't win the series but they will give the Heat a good fight.
Anywho, back to my cat. We left him home because he's a cat, even if he thinks he's a better human than me. He had food and water and other cats to torment, but he didn't have us--no people to pour his fat little self milk. No humans to open the door when he meowed. No family to cuddle with. None. So now that we are back, he's ticked. Okay, really ticked.
I screamed and cursed the entire way, promised retribution to no one in particular if I dumped the car in the creek. I didn't. Somehow, I didn't.
Whoa, this week has been crazy. IEPs, SPP reviews and going on vacation starting tomorrow until Tuesday. So I'm getting sub plans and all that jazz set to go. We also got our catepillars this week so it's been busy!
I've been slowly combing through Gardner Dozois's 1991 collection Modern Classics of Science Fiction. This is science fiction broadly speaking. This collection skips a lot of frequently anthologized works in favour of less appreciated classics. They are all gems. In January I read "The Golden Horn" by Edgar Pangborn (originally published in The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction in 1961). You ever do something that was sort of selfish and had such terrible consequences you know it will haunt you for the rest of your life? You know that feeling? Yeah. Pangborn nails it.
The divide: 83% of consumers say “a disability could happen to anyone at any time.” Only 35% of advisors thought consumers would agree with this statement.
One obvious solution is to close state-operated institutions and allow the private sector to provide services in the Intermediate Care Facilities for Intellectual Disabilities (ICF/ID) setting and allow the state to focus on its oversight role. Nationally, the cost of supports per person is $191,116 in a state-operated ICF/ID compared to $81,093 at a private ICF/ID. It is a conflict of interest for states to provide both the services and the oversight of these supports. The health and welfare of people with IDD is much too important to compromise by creating this obvious conflict of interest.
I was 13, a big boy.
Thursday Noon – 10 p.m.
I'm doing it.
Well I can't think of a better place to spend a Gotcha Day than the beach!
“But you asked a bit of the other: why do people have so many different qualities: positive — and negative?
I understand everyone is getting all excited about the introduction of a "fan favorite" character from the comics who popped up at the last minute in the finale. (I only know this "fan favorite" business because of Talking Dead, as I said, I stopped reading the comics early on)
Well lets see….
TWIG THE WONDERKID AND DJ BASTARD SPIN A SEXY SELECTION OF ELECTRO, NEW-WAVE, INDIE, AND RAWK HOSTED BY ZERO ZUMBRUN AND FRIENDS
The sheer eyeball-gouging, face-clawing ambition of my otherwise sane colleagues has revealed a new and scary world and robbed me of my cakey innocence.
What happened? I can't turn on the channel anymore. I am always looking for new design shows but all I ever find is property shows.
3. Navel oranges or cantaloupes, 3 lbs. for $1 at Sun Harvest (through 2/16/11)
When the day finally came, I was so excited, S. Godinez and I drove up around 12:30 and we got to the studio around 2:45, but the CBS parking lot was full, so we had to park at the Garden Grove lot, which was nice, but we had to pay a fee (The CBS lot was free). While we were leaving the CBS lot to go to the Garden Grove lot, a Kid Cudi doppleganger walked by and asked if we wanted to buy an iPad…that’s not shady. After we parked, we stood in the 1iota line, and we waited to be let in. The 1iota reservation tickets say to arrive 30 minutes before the check-in time (we were told to check in at 3:30), but we weren’t let into the studio area until 4pm, where they made us go through a metal detector, and leave our phones at the door with them. They then had us sit on benches where a warm up comedian (Mickey B) tried to get us pumped up and laughing, his style was very similar to Lewis Black, whom I’m not a very big fan of. Mickey had a few funny jokes, but I feel that his purpose was to get the audience used to the vulgarity and crudeness that we would experience while watching the show.
“Just humor me sir. Were there many explosions in the movie?”
Prof. S.K. Jain, IIT Delhi
“I am calm, I’m just confused.”
It’s easy for someone to say the chickens should be allowed to do what they want, especially when they don’t have chickens. We all draw a line somewhere that denotes our comfort zone. For some it is keeping laying hens in a moveable house, others it is a fixed house with free range during the day, and for some it is not keeping chickens at all and translocating their comfort zone onto someone else. What do I mean translocate? That term is used a lot in Management-intensive Grazing circles. In grazing the term is used to describe what happens when the livestock gets to camp out under the same shade trees, the woods, or in a barnyard instead of where the animal grazes. When the livestock is moved daily to a well rested, fresh pasture, the manure is placed directly where it is needed most – on the grass that needs replenishment. Now while we’re talking manure here, I’ll just not so politely interject that I think that it is a bunch of crap for someone to expect me to free range my chickens, when they don’t own chickens, period. I would be failing my husbandwoman duties if I was to let my chickens free-range. Sure, they would have more freedom and a greater variety of food. But, they also for sure would fall prey to predation (not a pretty sight), get in my garden, most likely water themselves at the water trough (too messy), and I would be forever hunting for eggs that I would be hesitant to use. And back to the money issue, when you invest $$ and your time in a flock of hens only to have months of work destroyed in a matter of hours, how sustainable is that? Sure the neighbor dog, resident coyote or coon or the ever present Red-tailed hawk is happy and probably sending off a donation to PETA as we speak, but how do you recoup that loss, and get over the guilt of letting a predator in one fell swoop (pun intended) ruin your egg dreams? I will pick the guilt of not free-ranging over the guilt of cleaning up after a coon has ripped the heads off of my beautiful hens any day. But it is a choice, based on my reality, not someone else’s. Some of you may be able to pull it off, but if you can’t, this is what works for us. See what you think.
Just a quick little post about a new project I made! I found this little tart pan the other day and had it in my stash for a project. Randomly the other day I found a copper base. You can see it a bit better in the photo below.
Check this shit out:
In South Asia, it doesn’t seem to matter to a woman if she lives under a Muslim or Hindu religion – she is treated equally bad under one as the other. This must be seen as a South Asian cultural regionalism that transcends even major religions. The South Asian region has simply inherited a common culture which treats women the worst on Earth.
Since the point sequence to a stroke may be simulated in an animation, it’s now very easy to draw animated dashed or solid, arrowed lines. Here is a screen shot from one of the demos.
Put some soup in a bowl and sprinkles some toasted pepitas over the top and enjoy a bowl of total goodness. Please!
Shall field from field divide;
This set the relaxed mood for his entire talk, in which he skillfully went through the Se7en Deadly Sins of ELT (as shown below) and debunked each of them, always reminding us never to throw the baby out with the bathwater.
Do you guys love reading books? Well I am. Actually I love classic novels which for some people is a boring hobby. I started liking those books when I was in highschool. Back then we were assigned to read a certain book and asked to make a report out of it. I believe my first book report was from the book “Little Prince” and with that as my foundation, I started to read more books like “Christmas Carol”, “Romeo and Juliet”, “Hatchet”, “Mythology” etcetera etcetera.
Shortly after Osama bin Laden was sent to meet his maker, Rush Limbaugh lambasted the guy’s housekeeping. On his show, Limbaugh noted that with three wives, you'd think Osama's house would have been a little neater, rather than strewn with rotten food, soiled linen, and dirty dishes.
she is handed to me
It hasn't been an easy childhood for Katie. She was only 3 when her father died in a car accident. Katie was in the car with him when it happened. She wasn't hurt, but she still remembers seeing him lying there, and she still has nightmares about it. It's one of the only memories she has of her father.
It has been many ages since this grid has been at full operating capacity and so there is a joyful tone that emanates from the grid in anticipation of the full restoration of its power.
Yup, it’s happening. I’m changing the theme for Tuesday. I really feel the new one will be better for me and for you. The new theme is…
I painted the letter with acrylic paint. Then used 3 shades of pink acrylic paint & a flower stamp (sorry don't remember who made it). Then I sealed the letter with Krylon Preserve It.
just around the corner.
Inside the government, he made the FBI look like an agency of bumblers who could not keep secrets. Outside the government, the FBI looked like a three-toed sloth, while a fleet-footed and fearless Washington Post was unearthing the truth.
(thank you, ALL of you, for the kind words and prayers!)
Can't wait to see you!
So just like the grasshopper missed his opportunity because he didn’t trust how many opportunities have we missed because we didn’t trust? Do you trust? Whom do you trust? Do you surrender certain parts of your life and not others? Things to contemplate to help bring clarity to your level of trust.
The board ruled that it would not be in the interest of the community to release Van Gund too soon, viewed in the light of the seriousness of his offences.
Dear Jesus, Thank You for all the graces You bestowed upon Saint Thomas More and upon all Your Angels and Saints. Amen!
I watch him at close quarters- he bites his lips ever so lightly,nervous and excited at the thought of it.An amalgam of a smile and a restrained sneer zig-zags down his face in confused arcs.He draws a deep breath,smelling the aroma of roses and earth.And temptation.This helps him out with his predicament.He allows himself another,more convinced smile,puts his i-pod on shuffle,adjusts his headset and the collar of his oddly sweaty shirt before his eyes start gleaming with someone i know for a tricky consort of mine.I relax in the familiarity.
In a hastily called news conference at the White house, a grim-faced Mr. Obama demanded that congressional leaders appear at the White House on Saturday.
Let them be like a snail which melts away as it goes,
But beyond that, I believe the fictioneer’s indispensible tool is conflict, and that means that every dialogue scene is a duel.
Steven is obsessed with physics and has maintained a straight A average since he started the third grade as a five year old. The one aspect of physics that draws him off the normal beaten path into the twilight zone of oddity is the principle of entropy. He sees entrophy at work around him. Things that were once new and pristine slowly degenerate into a chaos if left to themselves without outside interference. New becomes old. Order leads to disorder. Beauty fades to the ravages of age. Steven is determined to do battle with entropy. He monitors his physical appearance several times each day. All imperfections are removed to the best of his ability. Steven wraps everything he owns in the hopes of keeping it as new as possible. Such dedication to discipline impressed the Bickwell jurors, thus leading to his receiving the award.
Note to self: Make sure before you listen to another of Mary's books on audio that it isn't Isabel Keating reading the story.
Georgiy Bovt, writing in Izvestia, the Russian newspaper, also took a look at Obama’s first year. Suffice it to say he tore into the young President, along with the “reset” message he tried to send Russia and the rest of the world. Bovt said, “While Obama practiced conciliatory gestures, the camps of al Qaeda prepared and continues to prepare for future attacks.” He ripped the political correctness that leaves America vulnerable.
“We received an impressive array of submissions from people of all ages,” explains Tetu’s Luc Biecq. “After much consideration, the jury selected this campaign. With a condom, there is pleasure, joy, the happiness of being able to love, freely, without exclusion.”
~ Strength to move through the most difficult parts of my life.
Do you follow your team that closely?
Isn't she fun???? Soccer is huge here at my house, so when I saw this cutie I just had to have her....This weeks sketch was a perfect chance to colored her up :)) I saw the flag on the sketch and knew she would be perfect!!!
with warm baby lotion. Over by a battered speeder
The second photo is looking across the road from the shop at Newmarket train station.
I started by tracing the old stockings onto the burlap and cutting them out
You’re the only puzzle piece that fits.
In the meadow we can build a snowman,
I had to be her taking the first steps, but MAN is it amazing how quickly tides can turn, (and how quickly they can turn right back around again, I’m not duped into believing this may pass)..but I will stand and enjoy this NEW DAY for as long as I can….
God has said :
I can’t deny that the action is good and the graphics pretty top notch, there’s only so much you can polish a turd. Battleship is entertaining enough for the masses and intriguing and expensive enough to bring in audiences regardless of what’s said against it. Just heed my warning that if you do go see it then you’ll probably only enjoy it if you were the one growing up who ruined everyone else’s fun by shoving the ships up your nose.
but voices stay low and lights off.
It falls to me to speak once more.
9. Dominance Hierarchy
It was a magnificent structure, in brick on the outside with a white art deco interior, and was open to the elements. The sun shone for almost the entire week of the swimming event, which brought in large crowds and encouraged the sportsmen and women to many impressive performances. Chief among them was Johnny Weissmuller, who won two gold medals and who would later find international fame as Tarzan in several Hollywood films.
“I say, give name to yourself so that I may greet you in peace,” Father called out again. There was no response. I could see through the window a strange shadow being cast upon the porch posts, not meeting with the ground. Mother hadn’t yet turned out the lantern outside near the door. The sound of rustling paper was heard again as Father reached for the door. Lifting the wooden lock-latch, he turned the knob and opened it.
She is clever, and has a fairly public job, so I can see why some men might not like it if she’s having to do lots of public engagements.
Ask total strangers what they got you for your birthday. If they respond in any way, hop up and down while shouting, “Ahhhhh, I’m not supposed to talk to people!”
-Little Era Beach
20's is the age we flap our wings and learn to fly. It is the age where we soar high, visit unknown territories, learn the skills we love. It is the age when we are unstoppable. Why then, we fret about meeting that stranger and procreating with them? It could be what a few of us really want, but why should it be in the planner for the entire nation?
This is a device that will help us find bioluminescent marine animals. It doesn't look very dom-ey but the dome at the end of this glass housing is so highly polished it has become vitually invisible. This item has been specially made for us and will contain a camera and withstand being put deep down into the ocean.
People in attendance also included Stampede volunteers, Calgary Police Services, Calgary Fire Department, Canadian Armed forces personnel, Stampede mascots and cowboys and cowgirls of all sizes and ages! I even ran into a few clowns.
A similarly titled book, “Games People Play” – written in the 1960's – dealt with human relationships and the patterns we exhibit in forming relationships. Behavioral patterns which uncannily mimic those of more primitive primates, such as ‘tit for tat,’ reciprocation, altruism, and punishment.
The Prophecy is a novel I hadn't heard much about until I picked it up last week. As someone who adores all things futuristic the premise defintely appealed to me, but I hadn't seen many reviews and so I wasn't sure what to expect. As it turns out, I was pleasantly surprised by this absorbing and unusual story set in the Earth's far distant future.
Guadalajara – get used to pronouncing this title because you will most likely be recommending this to your own friends and family too!
I am Midas in reverse,
Small, small-minded, and certainly with small lifespan; the people of this age sleep away their nights and work away their days for nothing.
Nuclear Management Corp., which operated Xcel Energy Inc.’s two Minnesota power plants from 2000 to 2008, disagreed with Sarrack’s idea in 2005, and rejected the modification. That was partly because managers were concerned that once an automatic vent was opened, it would release radioactive gases until it was closed manually, according to an Xcel Energy official who worked at Nuclear Management at the time.
” Next station is Janakpuri West.Doors will open on the right.Please mind the gap.”
Our online service provides real time auditions for the entertainment industry, movie auditions, acting auditions, disney channel auditions, dance auditions, singing auditions, casting auditions, modeling auditions, film auditions, music video auditions, reality show auditions, and commercial auditions for casting director seeking casting for actors.
Feel good, storms can take out the debris out of your life and leave you with valuable ones!
Hopefully we took a few notes from yesterday to apply to today’s program? Any problems tumbling around? Did you do it gracefully or like a desk/office jockey?
In the early sixties an Icelandic Beatle-mania of sorts exploded from the small fishing village of Keflavik, giving the country it's first young musical superstars.
Many people are familiar with building raised beds, but typically when people build them they simply pile up soil, maybe within a wooden or stone border, and plant in that. This is okay, but it can be improved by the very simple addition of piled up wood underneath the soil. Sepp Holzer, a permaculture farmer in Austria, builds permaculture beds six feet high, but for most of us we'll probably do them smaller. You could even dig down, pile up the wood, and then cover it in soil, thereby getting more wood in there without the height.
February 2011. Abstracts should be submitted
8.at what compromise
But regardless of who enters here, I will continue pushing the up button until there is no one left underneath.
wing flutter
"We're really lucky to have found foreigners to milk our cows".
Working out in Europe (when you could be eating delicious pastries) takes extra motivation for me, since I feel like I’m on an extended vacation and not living here. There are good ways to workout when you are traveling or living abroad that don’t require a gym membership. Workout DVDs are easy to download onto an mp3 player and then use while staying at a hotel or hostel. I’ve used Jillian Michael’s DVDs for the past couple years. The workouts don’t require much space, and though weights are used, you don’t have to use them. Or you can go the traditional route: on a trip to Switzerland with two friends, Kathy and Jackie, the three of us did a workout (Jackie was the motivated one) in our hostel room. Squats, push-ups, chair lifts (stepping up on a chair with one leg, then the other and repeat) can all be done in small spaces. The nice thing about traveling is that you usually get a good amount of walking in, too. You can always fall back on that.
emptiness with heat, and God help the people that harm her.
Lewis Schaffer is Free until Famous: IOU I forgot who’s suggestion this was.
I am going to tell you a story. It's about a boy and a girl. It took place a little over 9 years ago in a far off land called Phoenix, Arizona. A very disillusioned girl was trying to get her lonely life on the right track. She went to church, found friends, and sang on the worship team. She was happy and even had a crush on a boy. This boy had the sweetest little girl and they would all make the perfect family. BUT there was this other boy who rode a motorcycle, played guitar and generally was NOT liked by our heroine. But one night our heroine needed someone to put accompaniment to a song she wrote. So Guitar Boy and our Lonely Girl sat down and made music. Soon after she went on a trip with all her friends, including Guitar Boy. She flirted, cuddled, and did everything she could to make Guitar Boy understand that she no longer hated him BUT that her heart went pitter-patter for him. But guitar boy was a little slow in the romance department SO our brave heroine had to TELL him. "Uh, dude, I like you."
In His Steps repeats this same question over and over and over (pp. 21, 26, 28, 35, 38, 61, 63, 69, 73, 75, 84, 100, 104, 107, 110, 124, 134, 173, 174, 177, 183, 184, 188). The book illustrates the use of this simple test in a host of life-situations. And the test is not without Biblical context. Frequently, author Sheldon uses the question in connection with (1) Walking obediently in Jesus’ steps (pp. 11, 124, 155, 189). (2) Following Jesus (pp. 11, 65, 124, 140). (3) The imitation of Christ – which brought into play the Thomas a’Kempis book by that name, owned by the pioneers, used by them in their Quiet Times, and even later handed out to St. Thomas Hospital patients by Sister Ignatia. (4) Seeking the wisdom of God as Jesus did so often and as believers are directed in the first chapter of the Book of James—a favorite in early A.A.
If I’m honest, that frightens me a little. It’s much easier to have something holding you back. I think of dear friends who gave up their home and most of their belongings to move to Africa to serve as missionaries a few years ago. At the time I couldn’t imagine doing anything like that. Now I find myself hoping that we find the courage to do some great big thing.
I hope you all have survived all the candy from the easter bunny and did enjoy some lazy days during the vacation :)
I just realized that I have not posted in awhile. Sorry! I have been busy I guess.
Your airframe appeared suddenly the wormhole to interrupt the way.
Mobile phone videos showed him still alive at that point.
I just read a blog post that broke my heart - and really pissed me off, all at once. I had stop following this particular blogger a while back because I just couldn't take the self-absorbed whining any more. When I first started blogging and ran across her blog, I liked her voice and admired the things she wrote about her family and faith, as well as their commitment to mission work. Then somewhere along the way, I realized that sharing her thoughts was all a self-promotion thing and well, frankly, it turned me off. I stopped following a couple other look-at-me blogs around the same time - but every once in a while I get curious and check them out to see what I've missed. And today I read the post that hurt me to the depths of my soul. She actually wrote about her personal struggle with including a motherless, hungry child begging for attention with her own kids at playtime - and even worse, at meal time. Honestly, what person who professes to love God would have to think twice about inviting this lost soul in? And are we not supposed to give our gifts in private, so the Lord, who sees everything will reward us? I know, I'm judging - none of us is perfect, but don't shout to the rooftops (or the world wide web) what a good Christian you are if you are too blind to entertain an angel when God puts one right in front of you.
The $3.7 million dollar month is the second highest month of returns in the history of the office. In November 2010, the office returned $5,185,680. Last year, the Office returned a record $32.8 million and is working to beat that total in 2011.
Mix together first five ingredients. Pour into pie shell.
Whatever.. I'm taking a nap and not feeling guilty for it at all..ok maybe a little guilt, but only a little! :)
Day 6 : Christchurch.
* Bowling--you can sign up for Kids Bowl Free all summer! (You still have shoe fees, but you save a lot!) If you have a participating bowling center near you, this is a good deal and family fun!
Kenny West (REP) 12.91% 170
seducing me to a salivating wreck,
<U+25BA> Ask a friend if they have some flowers they are ready to separate and are willing to share. I love receiving plants and never turn them down. It's a way to make the yard beautiful with a low or no cost solution.
That there are ‘ultimate/final’ truths must be abundantly clear by now, and no amount of cowardly relativism will ever succeed in permanently misleading us into believing that that which we are yet not absolutely certain about is but a figment of our mortal imagination. We have been endowed with all the faculties (e.g. rationality) it takes to make sense and find meaning in a world we are, ultimately, not the authors of. And it is precisely those faculties that have impregnated history again; ready to foster the future the West must now bear…in order for the Truth to be.
I was pleasantly surprised that Silver Lake is much darker on my nails compared to the color in the bottle. It is a gorgeous dark metallic gray with highly visible silver shimmers. This bold yet chic shade is quickly becoming one of my favorites.
IN THE PRESENT TENSE, YOU MUST KNOW AND INCLUDE EVERY TINY DETAIL--there is no room for skipping forward. By placing the narrative in the immediate present, you're investing every moment and every breath with importance. Using past tense allows us to glibly skip forward and cut out of scenes easily once they have been milked for their interest. But in the present tense, you've already chosen the importance of, well, the present, which makes it much more difficult to escape artfully from the many boredoms that pad the interesting parts of our day-to-day life. This means that unless you are very, very skillful indeed, the format of your narrative may force you to include content that bores your audience, either directly or gradually.
There are some things in the book that seem a bit over the top, but for the most part Lisa offers a lot of information and advice to get you prepared for whatever life may throw you.
I still don't know if it did the job--that is, keeping the tea warm--because my husband and I were hungry after a morning of gardening, napping (me) and motorcycling (him), so we pretty much gulped the tea and devoured the cookies.
Many South Africans will recall the hilarious 1980’s hit comedy The Gods Must Be Crazy, written and directed by Jamie Uys. The opening scenes show how a Coke bottle is casually thrown from a light passenger aircraft flying over the Kalahari desert. The bottle lands in the middle of a primitive village.
Thank you for your time, understanding and prayers, if you're so inclined.
SCHLESSINGER: They did, and I'll say it again --
And guess what! The story doesn't end here either!
Of course the church is none of these things.
that roves between
What's in them: (organic)
Cooling and light, this balancing moisturizer absorbs quickly and helps to regulate the production of sebum. A gel cream, which keeps skin hydrated throughout day, without leaving it shiny, tight or dry. Pineapple and rosemary extracts help to reduce pore size and clear dead skin cells enzymatically. Apple pectin provides long-lasting hydration and restores suppleness. Ruby crystal minimizes the appearance of fine lines and imperfections. Mineral Cosmetology, a patented mineral delivery system, leaves skin firmer, more supple and younger-looking.
It is equally probable that, once more, Najib’s choice of PR guru may cause problems among his own BN supporters. Another reason, it has been speculated, why the Campbell visit has been so shrouded in secrecy!
AND WOMEN LIKE JOANNA KRUPA - A POLISH-AMERICAN - MIGHT BE HAVE BEEN CONSIGNED TO SECOND-CLASS EXISTENCE UNDER A BURQA AND UNDER ISLAMO-MISOGYNISTIC SHARIA LAW.
This is a massive moment for me, and it is a long time coming. Bach, Mozart and Vivaldi were really the only composers I countenanced as a young girl. Gradually, and as I played their works, I grew to appreciate the Romantic Beethoven, the Spirited Mendelssohn and the Lyric Schubert. I got to college admitting music up to Chopin but utterly excluding Liszt. To wrap up this whirlwind journey of musical and self discovery, Shostakovich (Sym. #5) and Debussy (Violin Sonata) swept me off my feet and opened the door to all the rest of it.
~ Since we have been going to the Library at least once a week, I have been reading like crazy. I have about 6 books out , one is Farwell, My Queen (great book, can't wait to see the movie coming out!) and few books on Cuba and the stories about children who were flow out of Cuba w/out parents right as Castro took over, Operation Peter Pan (very sad and at the same time it shows you how grateful to have been living here!!) another book on boys, another book on St.Josemaria...
All of us grownups know that high school is as painful as it is fun, and Jake’s experience has been no different. He excelled in theatre. He became a “rowdy teenager with a lot of friends” who loved to hang out together downtown. His teachers loved him. They praised his contributions to class discussion and his writing. But homework problems and sleep difficulties dragged him down. Clinical depression and conflicts at school made 17 (which I fondly recall as one of my best ages) a rough year indeed for Jake. He transferred out of an environment that was becoming toxic for him–not my choice but one which I have come to believe has been best for him. He walked bravely into an enormous public school, made friends, passed his classes, and got into a program that accommodates his desire to get out of high school and on with real life sooner than his peers.
Mark has been away, and I refuse to listen to his replacements, the irritating and irritatingly named Floyd and Boyd, one of whom, and who fucking cares which one, started life as the film critic for Heat magazine. And so it is that I have not heard a review of 'Rise of the Planet of the Apes'. Which would be of little note had Common Law not brought home a doovd containing said movie burnt by one of her many admirers in work. And so, needing a little sabbatical from The West Wing and lacking My Double Blind Kermodian Buffer, I sat to down to watch it.
Fight naked. -Anonymous (hahah)
I was literally there just for 3 events and did not have time to walk the floor and check out what's was going on.
This second shot has been inserted for more gratuitous reasons. I get an awful lot of hits on this blog from folk who are simply looking for images of Gina Varela, the ever-alluring star of the film. So here's another one, our lovely demoness accepting the accolades at the San Sebaastian International Film Festival in Spain.
So, it's with great JOY that I tell you, "IT IS FINISHED!" We are Fully Funded! All we need now is to pass court and go get our boys!
In life we have all been told, “No!” before and we have all told someone no in return. Now saying no is a hard thing to do for a lot of people, either they don’t want to say it to hurt the other person feelings or they say it without caring about the other person feelings and it hurts. How do we say no to someone or something without hurting them and letting ourselves be free of that topic.
Haggai 2:9 (NIV): ” The glory of this present house will be greater than the glory of the former house, ‘says the Lord Almighty. ‘ And in the place I will grant peace,’ declares the Lord Almighty.”
“The King will reply, ‘I tell you the truth, whatever you did for one of the least of these brothers of mine, you did for me.” Matthew 25:40
And what of Mina, the overseer’s daughter? She’s part of the faux-Victorian culture of the human collaborators, and high up in it. The Overseer is like an ambassador to the conquered nations of the human race and she is his daughter. We might as well become aristocratic about it and make it all hereditary.
Jordan got his snowboard but now is waiting for snow so he can use it. Poor kid can you belive we are missing snow(well I'm not). Brendan got his remote control boat. Sage got barbies galore. And Emmett got his Thomas James and Percy. Chris and I got an Ipad and it was nice since our lap top decided to crash the day before Christmas.
With vanishingly few exceptions, a cloudy pint is a sign of poor cellarmanship – either serving green beer that hasn’t yet had chance to settle properly, or a cask having been disturbed in the cellar, or trying to eke out the last dregs and sucking up some sediment. You don’t need to taste it – it’s a glaring fault, and should be sent straight back.
That was when I last heard from him.We didn’t argue, we didn’t have a disagreement – it was just the last time I heard from him. His flight was due in two nights ago and I texted him welcoming him here. No response.
Wake by Amanda Hocking
I stare blankly for a moment or so and mentally recall all our previous conversations. Maybe it’s got something to do with that harmony stuff again, this is a mild reprimand for breaking the hierarchical order of things. And it’s so obviously a lie designed to save face by rewriting history that I wonder if perhaps I’ve imagined an alternative reality where all the stuff in my menory actually happened. Such illogical brinkmanship is common as diagional walking here.
Top Picks from Challenge 28:
Have the bestest weekend everyone.
So, then, if I’m to change the demon somehow (and I will; I think Wentworth’s critique is spot-on and really helpful), what kind of change are we talking here? Physical (not in a box but a sheep’s bladder?), operational (it doesn’t want your soul, but rather your eyes or your hair or your sense of humor), metaphorical (it doesn’t represent evil, but simply fear or despair or even, just for the hell of it, hope), or what? Is this enough? Of note, it isn’t called a demon, but rather a ghul, and the setting is sufficiently unique from your average fantasy tale to keep it interesting–I assumed I had done enough to make it fresh. Perhaps it was fresh, but maybe not fresh enough.
The Charlie Banana Tote Bag (wet bag) and wipes were the first two products I used. The wet bag is simple, but the black color and Charlie Banana logo give it a sophisticated feel. I was able to fit 4 large and medium diapers and 4 or more wipes in the bag with a little room to spare. What I love about it is that it can be used long after your little one is done with cloth diapers because it's also great for holding swimsuits, gym clothes, shoes, and more.
"This need go no further." He leans into her, "It could be worse Corina. If they found out you've come here or reported this to the police...it could be much worse."
Valero veils the Masonic compass and square in the letters VA, as does Viacom and the action TV show, Vanished. The vicissitude of Valero’s symbol from the “tri-diamond” to the V, when viewing the commercial, varies from the infinity symbol (a symbol of the magician), to an X (another coded hexagram), which then becomes a V.
"The country’s 24-hour political pundit perpetual panic conflictinator did not cause our problems, but its existence makes solving them that much harder. The press can hold its magnifying up to our problems, bringing them into focus, illuminating issues heretofore unseen — or they can use that magnifying glass to light ants on fire and then perhaps host a week of shows on the sudden, unexpected dangerous flaming ant epidemic. If we amplify everything we hear nothing." Jon Stewart's closing remarks at The Rally To Restore Sanity
Perhaps to day, a day a little bit more remarkable then any other, I am you closer, and can do you a percentage of good. From today and till the mid of December I am a resident in Denmark and will be living in “PRINCESS” Street nr 84.
Maclays have refurbished the place somewhat in the last few years so that there are more tables to have something to eat at (apart from their famous pies) in the side room, but the bar area's still pretty much the same (long and narrow) and can get really busy when there's a big sporting event on as per today. We quite happily had a few great pints of Fyne Ales Jarl, Stewart Forth Mist and Knops California Common (quite caramely today) watching the game come to life in the last 30 minutes - can't really ask for much better than that - except for the result to be different I guess!
Is there something in the water in Finland ?
Moaning enticing yearnings
Great advice! This is what we all ought to aspire to! Think of what a lovely social world we would live in if more people thought like this BEFORE they acted. It would be a wonderful thing.
She’s left with clearing her brother’s shop so she can go home. Nick escorts her to the store where she discovers he’s a Grimm. She’s weary of the Grimm but notices that he’s not what she expected (He’s not knowledgeable? No? Okay). Look, he still hasn’t studied up on Wesen. He’s flying blind and Monroe is his co-pilot. Monroe should Jet Blue his behind and lock him out of the cockpit.
Abbreviations: FPHDC- Front post half double crochet
‘This technique could enable them to overcome these problems and make the islands self-sufficient in a way that doesn’t harm the environment.’
The setup is pretty nice given that we’re seeing the story developing as a relationship between Koko and Jonah. Jonah looks like a wolf, too, but I suppose we’ll get to see if Jonah only looks the look or not. For starters, he might not even rock the look that Koko does.
Obama: Let's suppose that my 10 o'clock appointment out there in the lobby enters into my office and convinces me to allocate him funds. I will make the check payable to ... Who?
I will post the proof when I get to my machine, but Sony took 4 years to fuck this up. The new release has the discs swapped: disc one is supposed to be the digital remaster, and disc two from analog. They are labeled as so too. Except, a blatant manufacturing error - on all copies I've been made aware of - has the wrong labels on the discs. The new release has #1 labeled digital but with the analog master. #2 is labeled analog but has the digital master.
your very effort fills you with activity.
I love Ryan and want him to be apart of it all but that's a little to much for me. I don't want to scare my son. So we are settling with antlers in his room, lots of camo in his closet and the knowledge that this boy will always own a pair of cowboy boots. He already has his first pair. and honestly I love them. They are so cute.
There are some which are not quite there yet but its only June....pleeeeeenty of time to buy that Mews house, VW camper and travel the world.....pleeeeennnnty of time.
Red-tailed Hawk 1
Football parents and their wonderful ideas- a great senior year being in store for my stepson
We woke to a beautiful blanket of crystal white snow covering every inch of the landscape. What a fantastic sight! Can there be a more lovely place in the Whole World? Moving here was the best idea I've ever had. Shoveled for the first time in years and felt like a boy again. I did both our driveway and the sidewalks. This afternoon the snowplow came along and covered up the sidewalks and closed in the driveway, so I got to shovel again. What a perfect life.
One learning philosophy is not better or superior than another.
Unfamiliar, untaught material
Back then a couple of times I did follow her home after school
It was clear that the woman was very sentimental about chipmunks. What she wanted us to do was drive back the five miles to our property so the chipmunk could safely dismount and return to its nest.
"Apparently some gold prospectors died here. There are a lot of stories about the place being haunted," the pilot said, not turning his head from the controls.
I have felt the limitless bottom
- making chocolate pudding with the newest member of the family who has taken to cooking
May 11 San Francisco, CA AT&T Park
1. Brown Road Chronicles -Steve writes about country living and throws in a hysterical poem now and then. His post on goats was very creative. I wish I had the time to visit his blog more often. Head on over and say hi.
Also catching the attention of the anti corruption agency is the
Hmmm... Anyone have a great plan?
Our lovely Victorian terrace was in much need of love and care when we purchased it.
As time passes and I feed them the simplest lunch possible of cereal and bananas and yogurt, it is time to start getting ready to leave for school. I get their shoes and socks on while they are eating. Coats, hats, mittens and Michael's school bag are all laid out and ready for the "out the door blitz" filled with lots of winter fleece, puffy materials, and plenty of struggling and arguing that happens when we go anywhere in the winter.
In medical malpractice cases only, Virginia has enacted a special cap on damages. That cap limits all patients in Virginia to no more than a $2 million recovery. The cap is inclusive, meaning it limits both Dad’s financial loss and his pain and suffering loss. (The law is Va. Code §8.01-581.15). So in Virginia, if Dad is struck by the physician in the car, he recovers his full loss, $3.5 million. If the physician causes the same injury to Dad but in a medical setting, Dad recovers $2 million.
What are we living for?
Lt. Kevin Christopher Dowdell, 46, New York, N.Y.
I set up the game and Becky started playing. She karate-chopped fish on my iPod like a pro. She swung left, she swung right, and she occasionally zig-zagged. We were both surprised then, when the doctor said, “we’re done”. Really! OMG! Becky made it through 20+ injections without a sound! I was ecstatic, and I was also very proud of my daughter.
Even though I’ve still got lots of US-related posts to get through, I wanted to take a break and write about something else, so here’s my review of Hanskin’s Super Snail BB Cream which I’ve been using for some time now.
Sand that pours and shines and hangs. Shimmers as dust in the air,
2- This is a bright, but not super bright blue (those would have a 0 ir 1 in this spot), and it's not very gray (or else this would be a 7, 8, or 9)
The album was produced by Head, who recorded the music off and on for the past two years in Phoenix, Arizona. It features renowned musicians Tony Levin (Peter Gabriel, David Bowie) and Josh Freese (A Perfect Circle, Nine Inch Nails), and was mixed by Ralph Patlan and Bob Clearmountain. It’s a testimony of Head’s life as he battled with drug addiction and leaving Korn, and finding spirituality. It will leave no doubt in everyone’s mind that Head, as a founding member of Korn, has not lost his passion for the heavy sound that originally helped make his former band famous. SAVE ME FROM MYSELF will remind listeners of Head’s dominant influence in the nu-metal sound that projected Korn to the top of the music charts for over a decade. It can only be described as a heavy metal epic, with a positive message.
The Father loves Jesus because He lays down His life in order to take it up again… God loves Him because He is following the plan set forward. But it is not this, it is the next part… The one that talks about whose accord by which all of this is done. Jesus says that no one takes His life from Him, He freely gives it up and dies of His own accord. He alone has the power to lay it down and the power to take it up, as this was commanded by the Father. See this is interesting to me, because we spend a lot of time giving Judas a bad name because he betrayed Jesus. He delivered Jesus to the enemy by treachery according to Merriam-Webster online. See all of the definitions here. But is this really what happened? In order for Judas to betray Jesus, did not Judas have to have power over Jesus? We talk about Judas betraying Jesus and we hear this each week in the celebration of the Eucharist, “In the night in which He was betrayed…” I do not think this is the real meaning of what happened here. Jesus told Judas to go and do what you must at the last supper, which was to go to the high priest and lead them to Jesus. Judas did not have the power, Jesus did. Jesus tells us here in John 10 that He lays down His life of His own accord, Pilot doesn’t take it from Him, Judas doesn’t take it from Him, Jesus has the power. That night in the garden, Judas does not betray Him (one definition for the Greek), Judas hands Him over (another definition of the Greek). Sure you might say this is semantics. But who’s accord is it? Who has the power? Jesus does and He is not betrayed, Judas performs the task of handing Him over so that the plan can be done…
Thanks for looking Sue :o)
My Take:
In TTC #2 news - blood work tomorrow, blood work and ultrasound Monday - swimmer delivery Tues, IUI most likely Wed or Thurs. Send all of your positive engery our way please!
God is Good!
The road to success... is always under construction.
The elites treat us as enemy and scapegoat us when the multi-racial dream falters. The hysterical reports blaming Ulster people for the disputes with Roma gypsies is a classic example. The media never told us what caused the dispute but just accused local people of “racist attacks.” Well, I don’t believe them. I think these people were defending their communities.
What everyone needs to understand is that the universe is huge and the truth is we know only so little of it. Science has been wrong thousands of times before it can be wrong again but so has christianity. It was at one point that all bibles were in latin and only priests could have them but that is no longer the case. All we can do is believe what we want to believe and live life as we see fit. We will find out once we die what is correct (or we won’t).
General and Transitional Provisions
No, you’re not. You’re not doing your best. You have no real standards for yourself, you’ve lost your sense of right and wrong; but you’ve also lost your enthusiasm and passion (and so you’ve just been going through the motions), and so you are rightfully desperate to feel alive. But you don’t seem to care if you have to do wrong (or something you ought to feel guilty about) in order to feel more alive. But the problem is: the means matter! The journey matters just as much as the destination, if not more so. Because it’s in the means that we either really earn our worth (by really earning what we want in a legitimate way) or do grave injury to ourselves (by not living up to our values and what’s best in us).
Not every unmarried mother was coerced or forced into giving up her child, but the women going public today are not alone.
But there’s another wrinkle to ZaraCorp’s relationship with the planet Zarathustra. Their entire legal right to exploit the verdant Earth-like planet, the basis of the wealth they derive from extracting its resources, is based on being able to certify to the authorities on Earth that Zarathustra is home to no sentient species.
The nation’s most cherished procession returns once more for a dazzling dose of spectacle, enchantment and tradition as the 84th Annual Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade® kicks off the holiday season. On Thursday, Nov 25, 2010 at 9 a.m., the world will rejoice as the march begins at the sound of “Let’s Have A Parade™!” With more than 3.5 million spectators lining the streets of New York City and more than 50 million viewers tuning in nationwide, America’s Parade will present its signature giant helium balloons, fantastic floats, marching bands, performers, clowns, and the one-and-only Santa Claus. It’s a spectacular line-up that is more than 8,000 magic-makers strong!
Vaughan Rapatahana / ko mutu inaianei - no kai - Whetumatarau / 50
To judge rightly St. Athanasius’ attitude towards Holy Scripture, we must recall what has been said respecting Meliton. We must readily admit that in these ages a distinction was made between the two classes of books, but it did not deny divine inspiration to the deuterocanonical works. A greater dignity was given by some Fathers to the books that had come down to the Church from the Jews; but these same Fathers testify to the veneration in which the deuterocanonical works were held by the Church, and to the part they played in the life of the faithful. It must also be borne in mind that Athanasius flourished in Alexandria the fertile source of Apocrypha, and in his zeal to repel the inventions of heretics he was most conservative in treating the Canon. His location of Esther among the deuterocanonical books is unique, and was probably caused by the sanguinary character of the book, which also led some Jews to doubt of its divine inspiration.
The sailors in “Air” are not in the picture; perhaps they’re the Disciples, just visible in the background of “Water”. In the foreground, their wives; beyond, a “slovenly girl” appears to flirt with someone’s prodigal son. There’s a contrast, not visible in the painting, between this open-air intimacy, and the loneliness of these women married to mariners. “Fire” continues the imagery of families and old flames, and seems to take off even further from the picture; while in “Earth”, the cauliflowers smile “superfluously like maiden aunts.” If this suite of poems has an underlying theme, without amounting to a message, it’s something to do with families: what drives them, and the times when that motor stalls.
Gretchen Zigante, director of soccer operations for Apex Soccer, a soccer and futsal training program for youth athletes, knows what it takes to advance from youth to college-level play. She began playing soccer at the age of 14, “when it wasn’t too fashionable for women to play beyond the youth level,” she said, and earned a spot on UNC’s 1986 women’s championship team and the U.S. Women’s Soccer National Team from 1986 to 1990.
It’s an interesting dilemma because being a creative professional — like those who choose law, medicine, dentistry — demands years of attention to one discipline. You start out with talent. You may invest tens of thousands of dollars in higher education, workshops, coaches and ongoing training. It’s crazily competitive and the criteria of success often utterly quixotic and subjective. A lawyer wins or loses a case. A dentist fills a cavity.
And as 2011 draws to a close, I want to thank you all for your comments, emails, suggestions and feedback throughout the year. They mean a lot to me! Here's to an even more delicious year in 2012. Happy New Year everyone!
It happens in partnership with others. Don’t try it alone. Come down front and let’s pray together and start walking with each other.
I wish Mom were still around to tell me all the details for my story. I wish I’d asked her many more questions about her life in Vienna before the war, her experiences traveling to and in London during the war, and more details about how she got to America in 1943. I’m filling in what I don’t know with research from books, a visit to the Holocaust Museum library and photo archives in Washington, DC, last week, and interviews with living survivors who were children and young teenagers in Vienna at the same time.
I don't know if it was an open hand or a closed fist, but I remember it being like a karate chop. To that same left temple. Twice. Hard.
Please check for the customer reviews & ratings of Q-See QSD42208 8 Channel H.264 Pentaplex Network DVR with CIF Realtime Recording on Each Channel (No Hard Drive Included) at the merchant’s website by click on the link below.
16. Reggaeton Latino - Don Omar (Puerto Rico) / 3:26
Are you still wondering how to make a pie crust easily? Continue reading…….
Yet, Christopher Nolan needed to loosen up his collar on "Inception" and find the humor and playfulness that can come from this odd group of under-developed personalities entering other people's dreams, though Tom Hardy's Eames comes closest to having any fun doing his job. The film seems to feel too ashamed to embrace itself as a caper, so it is weighted down with the same crazy dead wife story device that DiCaprio has already tackled in both "Shutter Island" and even the very end of "Revolutionary Road". Is there any insight into this relationship or is it merely supposed to supply the "depth" to make this movie Serious with a capital S? What does it say when the final shot of the movie leaves you with the question whether Cobb is still in a dream state and my reaction to it was that it did not matter one way or the other?
Once up<U+043E>n <U+0430> time, the focus <U+043E>n Halloween centered ar<U+043E>und children dressed in costumes running fr<U+043E>m house t<U+043E> house gathering <U+0430>s many candy treats as th<U+0435><U+0443> could. In the past few decades, Halloween ha<U+0455> rapidly gained acceptance b<U+0443> adults scantly dressed <U+0456>n costumes, traveling t<U+043E> parties <U+0430>nd bars gathering prizes for th<U+0435><U+0456>r mu<U+0441>h m<U+043E>r<U+0435> adult styled attire. The transition fr<U+043E>m spooky <U+0430>nd scary to sexy and seductive <U+0441>an be made with the h<U+0435>lp <U+043E>f the<U+0455><U+0435> f<U+0456>ve easy steps:
It is also a very unfortunate time to be barefoot, in pajamas, with wet hair dripping in your face. It is an unfortunate time to scurry about a dark campus searching for phone service… or at least a conscious ear. It is an unfortunate time for the temperature to be twenty degrees Fahrenheit.
Yet, this is how we can sum up the elections of May 6, 2012.
Leaked details about the game indicate you’ll be able to play through the entire story with a friend (who can drop in and out of the game at any time). Series protagonist Isaac Clarke will be joined by a fellow engineering-suit enthusiast with a distinctive scar and glowing red eyes. This so-far-unnamed man is your guide in the singleplayer mode but in co-op the story undergoes minor tweaks to accommodate him as a playable character.
“I won’t give up though the going is too slow,
For our new friend Eric, losing weight a second time around is going to be harder because he’s lost the powerhouse of fat burning: lean muscle. In most cases Eric isn’t going to return to his original weight; he’s going to go even higher.
My love, she is a rainbow
It's not good to want the past, but I fear the present and have little faith in the future.
They come in 3-tier and 7-tier (I’m wearing the 3-tierd in the pic above).
Batch 005 - St. Defibaugh Tripel - Been in bottles for over a month and is well carbed. Just a few more "warm days" then it's off to the cellar for a month before I touch one. The oak came out great, all the spices in play, beautiful color, couldn't be happier. Will be peaking in about 18 months I'd say.
(set time to be announces)
We answer questions. We talk. We give honest answers and logical explanations. We remind ourselves to keep our temper. (You didn’t think the Consequences on our ‘rule’ board was for the boys did you? It is actually to help calm ourselves and follow the steps so we don’t get caught up in the heat of a frustrating moment.) We apologize to our children for any hurt and misunderstandings we cause. We do all these things because the ways we were raised and the different styles of parenting we encountered weren’t bad but weren’t the best. We took the best of those and incorporated them into our own style. Focusing on the why the bad parts were bad and how we can remedy those affects. Being parents is a tough job and it is often hard to put our ego in check. And though completely involving our children is a humbling experience, it is also a very worth while one.
The last step is to hem the bottom and attach the waist band. I wanted to add a contrast band at the bottom so I factored that in when I calculated my measurements in the beginning. You can also hem it using bias tape, rolled-hem, zig-zag stitch, or folding over and stitching down.
So because of his avid consumption of and promotion of meat, Simpson became a bloodthirsty, violent double-murderer, and later kidnapper and robber. What better place than the former home of such a person to have a "Murder Museum" which would teach visitors that "Murder begins on our plates"?
We had about 15 people in our group and we started off on the 4 hour hike with a slight drizzle of rain. The weather wasn’t the most pleasant for hiking, but we had rain jackets and most people had gumboots (unfortunately I didn’t!). The landscape was amazing and very unusual, with fascinating flora that I’d never seen before. Beautiful yellow flowers, called frailejones, created a blanket across the hills.
But evolution do not stop for that.
Remarkably, these politicians have even threatened to destroy a vital Forest Agreement, currently underway with the Australian Federal government, which would pay the state hundreds of millions of dollars to protect its high conservation forest areas.
We’re introduced to Humphrey Bogart, playing a retired army colonel and on a bus to the Florida keys on the off season (ie the time of year with the massive hurricanes winds and makes my windy, wet university in Wales seem positively benign). Once he reaches his old friend’s hotel we meet these distinctly gangster looking gangsters who get into a rather threatening if perfectly polite battle of words with Bogart. This war of words gives the impression of Bogart being someone you don’t want to mess with. He’s slow to anger but when angry you fear him. We are then introduced to one off the most interesting characters of the movie: a drunken gangster moll who is now old, drunk and not too pretty but nonetheless has feelings. We finally see the purpose of his appearance, which is to talk to the old owner of the hotel, a wheelchair bound friendly cripple beloved of his Florida community and his daughter in law, played by the pretty Lauran Bacall.
INTUITIVE AND POWERFUL
Crude, stage bound. Seems a lot like Melies. Painted stage sets. Lots of capering and frolicking. People in donkey and cow costumes. She meets the Scarecrow while still in Kansas? Oz looks tropical—sort of like the Nile region. The witch’s henchman are flying TOAD men, rather than monkeys. Charming visually—Munchkin outfits look like Denslow’s ones from the book.
Here’s how it breaks down. For sales on the Book Country site itself, writers receive 70% royalties. This part, at least, is justifiable. Book Country are providing a retail platform, they are processing the sales, and dealing with the customers. And it’s a comparable percentage to the major retailers. Plus their name is a biggie.
“We do see the same protective effects in the animal as if they were on a very strict diet,” said Sinclair.
o OSHA
When they had married, she was a naive and innocent girl of seventeen who was madly in love with John. After all, he was charming, handsome, and paid the kind of attention to women that they desired. Unfortunately for Viola, John needed to marry someone with a large dowry, something Viola was in possession of with her older brother being a duke and all.
Whenever God has interacted with humans God has done so in understandable terms. God did not speak to Abraham in English or Italian, nor did Jesus use parables that had to do with industrialization or computers. God meets people in their culture in their time and space in history. People then retell the stories and record them in some fashion in an effort to transmit these encounters and their meaning to other people or future generations.
As with any properly done Norwegian dinner party, the alcohol flowed VERY freely. We started with pre dinner drinks in the bar, then dinner was served with white wine for the first course (salmon, natch, it's ALWAYS salmon) and then a really nice Italian ripasso with the main course (steak...hello, it's all MEN!). After the multiple refills of white and red wines, they then brought out cognac after dessert and, "for the ladies" an bonus of Bailey's (which I gave to one of the guys).
They were embraced by Ferne’s warmth, the way many are embraced by the sun and the sensuous fragrances of Spring. She was associated with that period in Jerome that was like a magical idyll—love and frolic, flowers and butterflies, communal feasts, music and dancing.
I’m feeling well prepared and ready!!!! My training sessions this week have been some of my best ever!!! I’ve been doing really well against the other white/yellow belts as well as the blue belts!!! The purple, brown, and black belts are still a pretty tough challenge(as they should be), but I’m even improving against them!!!
The SFPD responded by circulating artists’ sketches of two suspects, and began stopping and questioning youngish, clean-cut black men who resembled the sketches. Howard writes,
What is the Status of the LA City Mandatory Condom Ordinance for Adult Productions?
Slowly but surely start settling into "summer mode" ..
food choices
* Use of logo is optional.
That doesn’t mean Congress won’t eventually act to extend the relief, Luscombe said.
United Nations: US Should Return Stolen Land to Indian Tribes
Wishing you a wonderfully magical day!
My main goal for this summer is to, finally, get my drivers license. I have had my permit since October. Me and cars do not mix very well though, so I am hoping to put aside a large chunk of time dedicated to nothing but driving each day. So, look out world, I'm going to be mobile!
8.) Johnny Winter - Still Alive And Well - The albino is back with a vengeance.
chauffeur
relationship. Some of us focus on the good sex that we’ve had with our partner, but
This? Is my fantasy hair. The reality is that I would always put it behind my ears and end up with a butt-crack part. My hair looked like this for about a minute in college - before the hormonal soup of my thirties gave me curly hair.
All I really want is my real name on my license so that it can match all my other forms of ID.
1. His friend gave him a bottle of champagne for his birthday.
Najib was widely expected to announce the panel into what Sabah BN leaders say is the top election issue there when he visited the state later that same month but the prime minister concluded his visit without addressing the issue.
V. Vegetables you dislike: Beets are so gross.
an optimist doesn’t see the clouds at all – he’s walking on them.
for the next few days until launch, we'll be teasing out bits here and there,
Mr. Azz: "Maybe you didn't hear me. I said I want to be seen TODAY! So give me an appointment!"
Fatherland Brewers and Hometown Hops
juice of 3 limes
-Specifically read books on your subject. You can pick up books from the library, swap books with friends or a local book swap group, or even purchase books you want to have to refer to in the future. I’ll use the example of sewing, one of my file topics. I have some books on sewing that I refer to often, and are a great help. I would love to add to my collection of reference books on this subject, because they are a huge help when I get stuck in a project and am not sure what to do next! Plus, I’m a huge fan of having books, anyway. ;)
5:30-- Get up.
I want to work with an author to make their book more saleable, while also keeping their vision – the words are theirs but they have come to me to help sell the book.
On the surface I smiled pleasantly, though my first instinct was to scream NO! I once gave a 'best man's' speech at a friend's wedding years ago, and have never been so close to vomiting and fainting all at the same time, even though it went quite well in the end.
I also managed to find some fun striped curtains for this window at Target on clearance for only $7.50 each. They were originally shower curtains but after folding over the top part of the shower curtain and some curtain clips from IKEA, you would never know they were shower curtains!
Put butter and sugar in mixing bowl. Be sure butter is soft and at room temperature which means remove from fridge at least 20-30 minutes in advance.
We are overdue pasting someone so I reckon against Fulham we’ll score four or five and win easily. Home to Blackburn we’ll win and then Man Utd will beat us at Molineux the week after. Norwich away is a point but we could get robbed, Bolton at home is a must win and I think we will. Stoke away is tough but a point wouldn’t surprise me (but don’t be surprised if we lose), Arsenal at home we’ll lose unless they go a man down like at the Emirates then it’s anyone’s guess. Sunderland away we need to get something, Man City at home is a zero pointer and then Swansea away, Everton at home and Wigan away are all winnable. In total I reckon we can pick up about 18-20 points and add that to what we have now (22pts) and we’d finish with around 40-42 points. Yes I know everyone will say that my predictions are hopeful, they are. But I reckon 35-36 points will keep us up so we are allowed a few little stumbles along the way too.
But I only can see myself
Ok so basically, anybody living in the city? Yeah, you guys have got it good. Really.
Therefore: the battle at Ncome River MUST be viewed in proper context.
Wowie. What a challenge, eh?
I got up at an ungodly hour, drank coffee, and got ready for work. When I wasn't working, I was thinking about work.
Morbid? Not really. Deeply curious, ever seeking wisdom about what makes up a life, whenever it ends, I read obituaries. They’re the profiles written past deadline.
But, of course, Gabo didn’t know about Ice XV when he wrote 100 years of Solitude.
and entrepreneurs
Do you know that you can preserve enormous cash in the Internet plan if you think about making web visitors from google.
MH: Are there any bad or over used tropes of genre fiction or are they just author tools to be twisted?
Armed with an umbrella and a good pair of waterproof shoes, I ventured out today to get the images I wanted to take for Exercise 5.
Sometimes there's a bigger job that I need to do alone, so I have taught them to sit quietly and play at the table. I can spend an hour or two working on something (like straightening a closet or scrubbing the kitchen) while they stay out of the way. This happens about twice a month and it keeps me from losing my mind completely. While we do own videos and a Wii, I don't use them for this. We watch a movie once a week on Friday night and they each get a designated Wii day once a week when they can play alone during rest time (i.e. from lunch until 3:30 Adam is Wednesday, Noah is Thursday,
Today in the gospel lesson (John 14:26-31) we hear Jesus tell the disciples as the head up the Mount of Olives that they will all desert Him, and that Peter will deny Him 3 times. Peter vehemently said, “Even though I must die with you, I will not deny you.” And all of the disciples agreed…
from the desire of being consulted,
Whattttttttt the heck I thought, well when Suzi showed me online, I truly about fell OVER! Really I did, it was SOOO AMAZING!
We have much to do, but if you join us you will be fighting alongside us on the moral high ground of patriotism in defence of our freedom, democracy and culture, secure in the knowledge that you are fighting for the very survival of our nation and people’s future.
Things to Note...Questions we leave on the table...
4) It reminded me of people at my old church towards whom I still harbor resentment. Coincidentally, on Sunday I went to church (a new church not the old one) for the first time in, I think, more than a year and I ran into two of the talkers who were in my dream. Yep, I still despise them.
GOSSIP - A Joyful Noise
I cut the leftover script tissue paper into narrow strips, scrunched them, and placed them into the jars.
Whether you sit on the front row or the back row or in the comfort of your own home.
Each had paid American more than $350,000 for an unlimited AAirpass and a companion ticket that allowed them to take someone along on their adventures. Both agree it was the best purchase they ever made, one that completely redefined their lives. My laugher is directed straight at American Airlines, particularly after they started going after their AAirpass customers years later.
The NAFSA conference left me no time to be bored, and no time for lunch, either on most days, but gave me plenty of food for thought. I focused my attention on research sessions and on the theme of “internationalizing the campus” which encompasses various ways to integrate intercultural learning and the experiences of international students and study abroad students into the broader curriculum, faculty development, and campus life.
A heartwarming story in which a sheltered farm boy with Asperger’s Syndrome and a killer fastball is recruited to play for a minor league team.
04. Bird Dog
daily Salat prayers at 5 am according to her own interviews. Not to mention,
What beer is named for the Czech town that was once home to the royal brewery of
But more than I hate mice, but less than spiders...
As we plan for the year have we involved God into our plans and vision.
I do enjoy Christmas, but I am glad for the day after, when things can settle down freshly. While shopping and preparing for the holidays, my oldest went on a big adventure to New York City. He has two very generous and loving aunts (hubby's sisters) who live in Brooklyn, and they invited him to come visit for a couple of days. He and one of his aunts took the train to Boston from the bottom of our street, then the subway, then the Amtrak to NYC, travelling door-to-door without a car. This was his first journey away from home, and he was not nervous or frightened or worried... he seemed so ready. I realized after he walked out the door, that this was a benchmark moment for us as a family...for me as a mom. One of many more to come, but one that I really noticed. I felt a clear tug of letting go as he headed out the door with his bag and a smile, looking forward to his adventure. I was glad for him, and I knew he would be with people who loved him.
Bristol the Pistol Palin STILL hasn't been voted off DWTS? Despite having the lowest scores for the last four or five weeks? Craziness.
Just after mile 4 I started scanning the crowd looking for Jason. I knew he'd be there somewhere. Imagine my surprise when I recognized my step-dad's hat and saw my mom standing on the sidelines holding this:
Without sounding poncey (oh, all right, with sounding poncey) you could trace the themes in my Silk Sisters trilogy back to Ovid’s Metamorphoses. Er, via Marvel Comics. Following an accident involving a bolt of lightning and a pet chameleon, Rorie Silk becomes a ‘human chameleon’: when she puts on someone else’s clothes, she becomes like them in appearance, and takes on their skills as well. I’m fascinated by transformation, and Rorie’s changes, apart from giving me an excuse to cram in loads of fun and adventure, are a metaphor for the changes experienced in adolescence.
The signature of ACTA by European countries does not mean the deal is done, needs to be ratified by the European Parliament.
2 sipping
THE INTERNET AND ONLINE JOURNALISM
Teller Number Two: No, por nada.
However, the “award” for the highest Affinity Ponzi scheme prosecution for the year goes to Minneapolis. Trevor Cook recently pleaded guilty to a U.S. District Judge that he had defrauded investors out of $190 million from an elaborate Ponzi scheme involving forex trading and the use of sponsorships from a Christian broadcasting radio host named Pat Kiley. Mr. Kiley’s radio program, “Follow the Money,” was carried on more than 200 radio stations. Cook promised “risk-less” forex accounts as the avenue to riches and claimed to have over $4 billion under management. A tearful Cook received a plea bargained sentence of 25 years in jail, but must assist the court in recovering whatever remaining assets can be found. A court-appointed receiver has already begun collecting assets and implementing an approved “clawback” process to reclaim any gains that other investors may have received. Cook’s wife is the first target.
When we first took on the job, we were told that it could take as long as twelve hours to do it. We knew it would take awhile, but we figured between the two of us that we could knock it out in half that time and still have done a better job than is usually done in this particular store. As it turns out, that was wishful thinking.
At Christmas time it's hard
I trembled, not out of fear, but out of contentment because I wanted so much more of you
Anyway, here’s the excerpt. Jude had requested and received some Greek and Latin grammars. When he gets them, here’s what he discovers:
My parents drove me down the south coast of NSW from Sydney to Wonoona. I waved them goodbye and wondered what was in store for me.
I'll be honest. I wasn't quite sure exactly what to do with this thing. True story, I texted Erica earlier, asking her how it works so I could try it out to write my review for it. She wrote back saying to use it when I got out of the shower, it's like lotion, and it will leave my skin feeling "a little oily at first, but it would soak in."
My reason for creating this network is simple: To inspire, encourage and equip others to live out their dreams.
Chairman: "Never creep up on a man who is trained to kill."
“Well, they’ve hushed it up pretty well so far,” says Richard. “The unofficial cover story is that someone poked her with a stick. I’m keeping my lips firmly sealed so as not to ruin my chances of a knighthood.”
Fermentation will naturally proceed quite vigorously at first and will begin to slow after a certain point, eventually coming to a halt once the consumable sugar content has been depleted. For that reason, brewers of high-gravity beers will continuously make small additions of sugar to feed the yeast and keep it alive and active, sometimes for weeks or months.
Total Time: 39:27 Min
Meanwhile, back at the studio I have created a little masterpiece....
Brian O’Connell
So that’s how I ended up in a Chinese restaurant in London’s Soho with four New York Jews and that’s where the question came up:
The wind has subsided, thankfully. Blue skies have returned, and I am ready to go, so I’m going!
Six hours was all I worked that day. Six hours and my legs, back, and feet were stiff and sore. One day later, and it's like I never started at CrossFit-- my thighs are aching as though I'd done a motherload of squats or something. Beth and Mouse said it will get easier.
Hey what happened to the guy, back in March, who kept writing to me and saying, “In two days, this blog will be shut down.” I am waiting.
And there are moments when she would like to apologize--at least for the way it ended."
Hurtado’s particular interest is how an OT understanding of “God” is developed or reconfigured in light of Jesus and of the Spirit – he devotes a chapter to each – but more of that in later posts.
Today those who take interest in politics are those with vested interest, those upon the edge or those directing events; the common man cares only for self, a legacy perhaps of the Thatcher years. The right within this country has completely collapsed, the Tories ever waving the flag and worshipping pomp and circumstance altered position, moving to the left whilst the so-called extreme right moved to take up their old ground and indeed in doing so opened themselves up to Zion’s influence. As I write these words there is no nationalists defence, no party truly of the right and nationalism to all intents and purposes lies defeated.
Like this passage. From, The Mauritius Command:
Ok Goddesses! Virna is giving away a $10 Amazon Gift Card and an e-copy of her paranormal novella, A Vampire's Salvation, which is use a peek into what her Para-Ops novels will be like. This is the novella that got me hooked on Virna!
Anyone care to join me?
-- I just did some math - assuming that $20 million of the $23 million figure reflects the legal services charged by the firms representing them (yeah, I know that's wrong, but it's convenient), it would take 20 attorneys billing 2000 hours at $500/hr apiece to reach that amount in a year . . . not bad for a year's work.
I counted from top to bottom, (skipping my comment) to place in random order, then with a click of a button, the computer decided and we have the top 5 that will be sent a cookbook to keep and one to share with a friend!
In much of the western world, but especially the UK, the natural qualities of women are viewed as the result of male oppression, and in their place are subsituted harmful parodies of femininity, based upon ludicrous ideas of the supremacy of material gain, and an over-emphasis of physical attributes. The attack on the feminine is rife throughout the Judaised west, as is evident in the media portrayal of women as whores or workaholics. The natural role of a woman as mother and carer is mocked as a male construct, whereas in fact these traits are the fullest expressions of feminine beauty.
There really isn’t a “recipe” for this per se, but here is the basic mix that I throw together. I would start with just a teaspoon of chlorella, taste, and work your way up to your flavour tolerance. You will get used to it (gasp! Maybe even like it!) over time, but start slow and build your taste for it. Your body will tell you when you’re ready to up the ante.
I've redone this post according to the new size so that it could have the original format. The pictures have to be huge.
Black pepper to your taste
The flat red rock formations are starting to be apparent in the landscape...this is one of the reasons I've come here; to see the rock formations, take photos of them and possibly paint them when I get home...I want to feel the warming sun on my skin and watch and study the changes in light and shadow!
I read Chalmers as writing in a Berkleyan spirit. John Locke elaborated a system of various “properties.” There were primary properties, the essential physical properties of the object; secondary properties, the causal properties of the object such that it caused the mental representation to be as it was; and tertiary properties, the properties of the representation (Locke would say “impression”). In other words a fairly messy tangle. Berkeley, whose views appear strange when presented out of context, made what was in fact a common-sense (and thoroughly empiricist) suggestion: if the mental representation (the “idea”) is the only thing that we, in actual fact, experience, and there is an intractable problem about the relationship between the idea and the “material world,” why don’t we cut the Gordian knot by simply saying that ideas are constitutive of the world, and be done with the problematic “matter” altogether? After all we can only know about the ideas. So let’s just call our ontology “idealism” and move on. Chalmers’ move is very similar: embrace mind-body dualism so that we can forget about it.
So, how do you wear a faux fur vest? Any way you want, as long as you wear it with confidence.
"Jerusalem artichokes." He looks around - to our left are the Monterey artichokes, and to our right are some jumbo-sized even rounder artichokes that looked like this:
people meet somebody new & they leave the rest behind
In the meantime, have a happy Friday everyone!
Key words being: for the moment.
The whole herb, in common with other species of lysimachia, is said to have astringent and demulcent properties. Herbalists say that it is unusual to find both these properties in any one herb.
Spurs relieved their supporters with a workmanlike 2-0 home victory over Blackburn Sunday. Now, two huge matches await: home to Bolton and away to Aston Villa. Should Spurs go 2-0 this week, they look very good to claim the final Champions League spot over Newcastle and Chelsea. A slip-up now, however, and they could miss even Europa League play next season.
You’re the dam at Boulder,
1/Who sang Congratulations & Celebrations? (Our theme this week!)
- identify where Jesus went and where He is seated
We still have to pick-up a few things for the chili cook-off Saturday, and it's supposed to rain. Oh well- welcome to my world! Wish me luck- I'm cooking my Wicked White Chili.. 3 1st place trophies in three years at this one!
I wish I would've coslept with him. Even if he wasn't breastfeeding, just so I could be near him, like how I am with Callie.
¼ tsp. chili powder
In Souless, in my opinion the best of the series, Alexia is described as wearing a green ballgown with a cuirass bodice and carrying a brass handled frilly black parasol with purple satin pansies. She also wears wood and silver hairsticks in her hair.
4 Make Jewelry
Forty two per cent reported that their first sexual intercourse before age 18 that was not completely wanted.
I have attended a couple of 1940’s themed weekends and had a marvellous time.
Finally, a special thanks to those of you who helped me compile this History.
You might not have found me, or worse, not dared.
*I will not be ready to do the first Great Lesson. I don't think. If I do it, I'm going to make it much shorter. I printed it off yesterday and it's ridiculously long. Instead, I will have a science activity of some sort ready to do with the boys each day. I will hold off on handwriting and such and let ds know that the following week, I will be expecting him to work on some stuff.
It's so far away
Describing a crime so vast is ugly work, to open this ghastly casket is to expose a massive rank and sulphurous morass of tangled conspiracies, lies and plots, some dating back two centuries or more, mingling with others which are far more recent. There are many half formed, ill conceived which have been long abandoned, but others, chilling in their cold hearted and deliberate brilliance, still gnaw away at the substance and foundations of the common and ancient prey. To look too deeply into what is taking place is to glimpse an evil in the souls of our fellow men which is not easy or comfortable to contemplate, and it for that reason too that I have chosen to put this subject to one side for a while.
Before I get into this, have any of you seen GCB? It is hilarious! I just love Annie Potts anyway, and the rest of the cast is great, too. Kristen Chenoweth, especially. I've never seen David James Elliott in a role like this, and he does it so well. They play a married couple and spout Christian platitudes and quote Bible verses while having wild monkey sex all over the house. So so funny! I wasn't familiar with Leslie Bibb before this show, and don't know the others on there, but it's a good cast. Super rich Baptist Texan Republicans. What's not to like? LOL Hope you're watching it and like it, too. Lots of criticism from Christians about the hypocrisy in these comments HERE. (smirk) Sorry, but I know too many people like that around here to dismiss it. Besides, it's supposed to be funny and is.
I should have cleaned up the edges before taking the photo, but I didn't. :/ It's a journal page, so I may or may not do something else to it. Anyway it was a fun page to do, and I like it.
A leafy avenue of trees. After snapping this, my camera beeps and flashes "Memory Card Full". As if on cue, a large wild tom turkey bursts out of the trees on my left and runs across the road in front of me. (The one that got away. When will I learn to clear out my old pictures on a more regular basis?)
Highlights included Santa Barbara spot prawns cooked over river stones with lemongrass, wild striped bass with charred mustard leaf, boiled peanuts, wild garlic and burnt onion syrup, and a mindblowingly subtle, silky, elegant and delicious heirloom rice porridge with egg yolk, hazelnuts, ginseng, echire butter and Santa Barbara uni.
3. Across The Borderline 5'09
million, took the victim to
As of now, even without this ruling, most people who are sent to death row can look forward to twenty years of appeals before their sentence is executed. That’s enough time for many relatives of victims to die of natural causes. Whether or not capital punishment is a deterrent to crime may be debated. What can’t be debated is that a toothless judicial system is an open invitation to criminals who have no reason to fear society’s retribution for any crime.
Comparing the new machine to the BBC Micro computer that had been released the previous December, Sinclair said: “It’s obvious at a glance that the design of the Spectrum is more elegant. What may not be so obvious is that it also provides more power”
In drafting the know-how section, the licensee should assure more than just the transfer of information. Show-how provisions, wherein the licensor agrees to demonstrate how to use the technology correctly, are also vital.
Bellamy was wheeled on for the last ten minute to give Everton something to think about, if nothing else his pace would test tiring legs? He was at it straight away putting Osman under pressure and causing him to concede a corner. Although this came to nothing it eventually ended up with Coleman upending Gerrard on the left. Bellamy swung the free kick in and Carroll, rising to knock it in with the back of his head and score his second last gasp winner in a week, proved that perseverance has it’s own rewards.
Preheat oven to 425F. Prepare an 8 inch square baking pan by greasing with butter or vegetable oil. (If you are conscious of how much grease you use, simply use a paper towel to soak and dab the grease around the pan)
As those slanted bayonets, whole forests of them appearing in the
So, Tara is giving one lucky winner a beautiful crocheted doll! You have 3 days left to leave a comment & maybe win this gorgeous handmade masterpiece! &Check out her blog, she gives you free patterns &tutes! Or head to her etsy & buy a crochet pattern or two. Good luck to anyone that enters! :)
And that's about it, a perfectly good piece of furniture for nothing, free ! and you can't really get much cheaper than that, all it needed was a sand and a good coat of something to feed the wood, a similar piece of furniture would cost quite a bit now, especially for solid wood.
Aren’t we discussing qualia here, as distinct from mental representations? Can we sort them out? Yes: there are, on Hume’s view, no representations, but there certainly are experiences. Experiences don’t represent the world; they are constitutive of the world. So the qualities of experience are identical to the qualities of the world, nothing more or less. That is, if it makes no sense to speak of “qualities of the world” if these are meant to be distinct from the qualities of experience then by the same token it makes no sense to speak of “qualities of experience” either.
Visions of knights and castles, and medieval chambers transport you out of the real world and into John Sindelar's fantastic tool collection, only 1/10th of which was brought to the conference.
Magic from the Orient a big contingent from Korea filled the bill.
